Mr. West is in the buildin' Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion Ayo I know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims Thanksgiving, do we even got a question? Hermes, Pastelle, I pass the dressin' My attitude is tattooed, that mean it's permanent So I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it "Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it?" 'Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master Naaaaa-na-naaaaa How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine Naaaaa-na-naaaaa Tryin' to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan
Can't wear skinny jeans, 'cause my knots don't fit No one on the corner got a pocket like this So I rock Roc jeans, 'cause my knots so thick You can learn how to dress just by checkin' my fresh Checkin' checkin' my fresh, checkin' checkin' my fresh Follow my steps is the road to success Where the niggas know you're thorough when the girls say yes But I can't teach you my swag
You can pay for school, but you can't buy class School of hard knocks, I'm a grad And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap It's Hooooovaaaa Dippin' different Rovers, whippin' with the soda Hooooovaaaa Did you even have any doubt? After Doubt it was over No one on the corner has swagger like moi
Church, but I'm too clean for the choir I require what I desire I got stripes, Adidas Mami scream "!Papi, no mas!" Run up in your shit, just me, no mas Now when it comes to styles, I got several Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal And my jewels blue and yellow
The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo Rules as follows: stay true to the ghetto Write your name on the bullet, make you feel special Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin' 'bout? I know it's us, 'cause we the only thing to talk about Aye, you can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play Kanyeezy for diversity, and me for controversy All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose
You ain't livin' what you kickin', then you worthless Lookin' from the surface It may seem like I got reason to be nervous Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical Last thing I'm worried about is what another rapper do Ain't nobody hot as me Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin' quality
Lust, sometimes can override trust She said that's why she gave it up My man said blood spilled out of everything he touched He crushed everything, he crushed Ruined everything he loved, he just wanted the rush Make a fuss if it's them, but we hush if it's us That's why, my momma said she wanted something real Something she could be proud of, something she could feel
Too fly for my own good, so God gave me plight If I wake up in the morning now I gotta give 'em sight Make 'em see, break 'em free, ain't a G, show you right The game is not to give 'em nothing real Struggle, another sign that God love you 'Cause on the low, being poor make you humble Keep they names in my rhymes to try and keep 'em out of trouble 'Cause being poor also teach you how to hustle
All they want is some shoes or some rims for they bubble Now that I got my own I can hit 'em with a couple Cuff my homies so they ain't got no reason to cuff you That's my plan, if I can on the man up above you That's why, I gotta give 'em something real Something they could recognize, something they could feel Yo! FNF are real; really real, yea You know what it is, woo
WELL I'M GONE! Roc-A-Fella forever, Hov' for life Debut's a classic, first album, four mics Should've got a five, but niggas lack foresight But I don't give a fuck, I ain't do it for the hype I do it for the hustlers for the ghetto for the plight For the struggle for those who bubble white For fly 4X4s, roofless cars, flawless ice
For the pain for y'all to know what it's like For every time it rains 40 days and 40 nights For every promise made that never saw the light I'll get my own forty acres, give me four nights Four O's, a Glock 40 for the jackers and I'm Spike Or the four-four will suffice A fourteen-year-old to look out for the vice To let niggas know I was real before the mic
Four front rows, had the fur at the fight No PETA on my Peter, left some room for the divas In the suite, we'll meet up if ya wild for the night On a rampage, champagne pours, on the floor For all those who ain't make it here and lost they life Wouldn't forget y'all for any price Not for no hoes, not for no ice Not for no fame nor for bright lights
Introdu-du-ducing the new-new and improved-proved you-you know who-who Never been the type to bend or budge The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese I'm a pit bull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease All these people I had to leave in limbo I'm back now, I've come to release this info I'll be brief, and let me just keep shit simple
Cani-bitch don't want no beef with Slim, no! Not even on my radar So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off? And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos From seance to seance, aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw Come on now! Let's all get on down! Do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout
Let your hair down and square dance with me! Come on now! Let's all get on down! Do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout Let your hair down and square dance with me! Yeah, let your hair down to the track, yeah, kick on back The boogie monster of rap, yeah, the man's back With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the Senate's face and push this generation Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin' You might not like, this white hot light That I'm under, no wonder I look so sunburnt Oh no, I won't leave no stone unturned Oh no, I won't leave, won't go nowhere Do-si-do, oh, yo, ho, hello there! Oh yeah, don't think I won't go there
Yeah, you laugh 'til your mothafuckin' ass gets drafted While you're at band-camp thinkin' that crap can't happen 'Til you fuck around, get an Anthrax napkin Inside a package, wrapped in Saran Wrap wrappin' Open the plastic and then you stand back, gaspin' All this terror, America demands action Next thing you know, you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin' To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy
You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18 You're on a plane now, eatin' they food and their baked beans I'm 28, they gon' take you 'fore they take me Crazy insane or insane crazy? When I say, "Hussein," you say, "Shady" My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me! Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me Psychotic, hypnotic product, I got a the antibiotic Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada-yada God, I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la Oochie-walla-walla, um-da-dah-da-dah-da, but you gotta-gotta Keep movin', there's more music to make Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break The monotony, what's gotten into me?
Drugs, rock and Hennessy, thug like I'm Pac, on my enemies On your knees, got you under siege Somebody you would give a lung to be Hun-ga-ry like a fuckin' younger me Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free Yeah, buddy, laugh! It's funny, I have the money To have you killed by somebody who has nothin' I'm past bluffin', pass the K-Y
Yeah I know what I'm doin' Yeah I know what I'm doin' Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks Started on a corner now a nigga 106 Heroin and quinine nah you can't quiet mine I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores
When you hear the you know I got the sack Cause when I hit the he always got the packs M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake ho If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard Put Ross on the front just to front hard
Cash Money money comin' on freight liners Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds We got the swine wit' the suede on top The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots Keep the tool in my hand cause we get it 'round the clock Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks
Them niggas poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another teardrop 250 on the grill spent the same on the watch Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes
Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga Started with some hubbers 12 years old Man I swear to God I was 12 years old My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it 'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off Them niggas runnin' up the terminal we takin' off
They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard Nigga I mack hard, bitch I'm a bad boy Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars You know my name baby, that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby And if that nigga hatin' on ya, then fuck him baby I tell 'em fuck 'em girl 18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! People say that I'm a bad influence I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! Hand me an eighth, beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world, and shit on Brandy and Mase I'm more than ill, scarier than a white journalist In a room with Lauryn Hill human horror film But with a lot funnier plot and people'll feel me 'Cause I'ma still be The Mad Rapper whether I got money or not As long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot I'll be in a canoe paddling, making fun of your yacht But I would like an award for the best rapper to get
One mic in The Source and a wardrobe I can afford Otherwise I might just end up back strikin' at Ford And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicodin for? Everybody's pissin' me off: even the No Limit Tank Looks like a middle finger sideways flippin' me off No shit, I'm a grave danger to my health Why else would I kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself? I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin' corners
Lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin' James Todd Senior Across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments I grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate Since the third time that I failed ninth grade You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it I laugh at the sight of death, as I fall down a cement flight of steps And land inside a bed of spider webs So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend Can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowin' mine out Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now My laser disc'll make you take a razor to your wrist
Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face And place the clip and cock it back And let it go until your brains are rippin' out your skull So bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches I'm not a role model, I don't wanna babysit kids I got one little girl, and Hailie Jade is Shady's business And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off Where the fuck were you when Gilbert's paid to make me dishwash?
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scotts And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us And our personal life, it's just words on a mic So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch!
I said, "He's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper" So I let her lick the rapper She-She-She licked me like a lollipop She-- She licked me like a lollipop, l-lollipop Sh-Sh-She licked me like a lollipop Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps Shawty wanna thug, thug, thug Bottles in the club, club, club
Shawty wanna hump You know I like to touch Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps Okay, lil' mama had a swag like mine She even wear her hair down her back like mine I make her feel right when it's wrong, like lying Man, she ain't never had a love like mine But man, I ain't never seen a ass like hers
That pussy in my mouth, had me lost for words So I told her back it up like, "urp-- urp--" And I made that ass jump like, "jermp-- jermp--" And that's when she... She-She-She lick me like a lollipop She-- She lick me like a lollipop She-She-She lick me like a lollipop Your lovely lady lumps
Your lovely lady lumps Okay , after you back it up, don't stop Drop it, shawty drop it like it's hot Ooh, drop-- dr-dr-dr-- drop it like it's hot Do-Do-Do-- Do it, shawty, don't stop Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't shit Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't this Shawty say the nigga that she with can't hit
But, shawty, I'ma hit it, hit it, like I can't miss And he can't do this , and he don't do that Shawty need a refund , need to bring that nigga back Just like a refund , I make her bring that ass back And she bring that ass back, because I like that Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop I said, shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop Shawty wanna lick me... Like a lollipop
Stat! Call me, so I can make it juicy for you Call-- Ca-Call me, s-- so I can get it juicy for you Call-- Ca-Call me, so I can make it juicy for you Shawty want a thug, thug, thug Bottles in the club, club, club I say, shawty want a thug I get her on top , she drop it like it's hot
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham The middle of the bed , giving, gettin' head Givin', gettin' head , givin', gettin' head I said hmm, mmm Said hmm, mmm, mmm I said hmm, mmm, mmm Mm-hm Say, call me, so I can come and do it for you
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm He's mentally ill from Amityville He'll accidentally kill your family still Thinkin' he won't, goddammit he will I get lifted and spin 'til I'm half-twisted Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit Shrink, pencil me in for my last visit Drink gin 'til my chin's full of splashed whiskers Hash, whiskey, and ash 'til I slap bitches Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years He'll accidentally kill your family still Thinkin' he won't, goddammit he will Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was sleep Pissy-drunk, throwin' up in the urinal That's what I said at my dad's funeral That's why the first motherfucker poppin' some shit, he gets killed That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville
You can get capped after just havin' a cavity filled That's why we're crowned the murder capital still This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger Hill We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot And when the police come we fuckin' shoot it out with 'em too That's the mentality here , that's the reality here Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here? While I'm holdin' a pistol with this many calibers here?
Plus a registration that just made this shit valid this year? 'Cause once I snap, I can't be held accountable for my actions That's when accidents happen , when a thousand bullets come at your house And collapse the foundation around you and they found you And your family in it; goddammit, he meant it when he told you Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da Dum
"No..." "Eminem!" "No..." "Hahaha. Wake the fuck up, motherfucker." "What do you want from me?!" "I'm alive..." "Oh, God..." "Get up."
Let me go grab Sticky right quick Hey yo Stick, Stick Yo, Slim Shady Yo, I just had like a nightma... Wait, it wasn't like a nightmare It was like a good drea... Well, it wasn't a good... What was it?
Hey, yo, I just had a crazy dream man What? Yo, yo I dreamt I was white! Oh shit! What if he was white? What if he was white? What if he was white? What, if, he, white? What if he was white? What if he was White, white, white, white, white
White, white, white, white, white? What if I was white skinned, the same color as cocaine? Blond hair, blue eyes, the whole shibang I know one thing: police wouldn't always be watching me Pull me over for nothing, constantly jocking me The yellow cabs in the city would stop for me I wouldn't need collateral to buy property If I was white, wouldn't matter if I was rich or poor
Security wouldn't follow me around the store Like I'd steal something, because I'm black I rob And automatically assume I ain't got no job On my own land, I feel like an immigrant If I was white, I wouldn't have thought OJ was innocent If I was white... What if he was white? What if he was white? What if he was white? What, if, he, white?
What if he was white? What if he was If I was white, it'd be a different world for me If I was white, hm? What shade would I be? Would I be Redneck or Skinhead, preppy or high class? You'd probably live in a trailer park and be white trash! In any case, that be the ill shit right? But there's a good and bad side of being white You can't say the N-word without starting a fight
Couldn't dance to a beat, I'd have two left feet Even if I was white, probably still have a ghetto shit Is it a myth or do I really have a little dick? If I was white, I would probably listen to hard rock And cover my ears whenever I heard Hip Hop If I was white I'd probably wouldn't even think the same I'd watch Tennis and Golf and bet on Hockey games Wear suit and ties and go to work everyday
If I was white I couldn't live around my way And there probably would of never even been an Onyx, shit I be somewhere sipping Vodka and Tonix Smoking on a Marlboro instead of a Newport I'd live in Long Island instead of New York If I was white, I probably couldn't dunk 'Cause everybody knows White Man Can't Jump And probably wouldn't be able to go to the weed spot
How could I forget this I rob you, put you on my hit list Under my nails are dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broke and bag a dope bitch Powerful minds, we brave men I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'
These are last words of a hanging slave How could I forget this I rob you, put you on my hit list Under my nails are dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broke and bag a dope bitch Powerful minds, we brave men
I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin' I wanna be more than that bullet that go through ya zone Wanna be the lead that tear through ya skin and crack bones Wanna be the heat you feel makin' ya moan Wanna be the hospital bed that you lay on Wanna be the god you feel when you pray-on It's Nashawn the type that get the hyper calm I'm gonna kill somethin', rap cats be real frontin'
Fuck shootin' legs, cock back put his brains on the pave Nigga how 'bout that, close range with the gauge get payed First rapper to shoot off stage Turn the front page the next day, my life is like a book A twenty four hour song without no hook Thugs around me outside its grimy outside Better slide before you get bodied outside I'ma prison cell six by nine
Livin' hell stone wall metal bars for the gods in jail My nickname the can, the slammer, the big house I'm the place many fear 'cause there's no way out I take the sun away put misery instead When you with me most folks consider you dead I saw too many inmates fallin' apart Call for the guards to let them out at night when it's dark Convicts think they alone but if they listen close
They can hear me groan touch the wall feel my pulse All the pictures you put up is stuck to my skin I hear ya prayers I make it hotter in the summer, colder in the winter If the court parole ya then another con enters No remorse for your tears I seen 'em too often When you cry I make you feel alive inside a coffin Watch you when you eat play with you mind when you sleep
Make you dream that you free then you wake up to me Face to face with a cage no matter your age I can shatter you turn you into a savage in rage Change ya life that's if you get a chance to get out 'Cause only you and I know what sufferings about Yo it's stunnin' when bed sheets become your woman Maybe one day I'll open up my arms to release you You'll always be my property nigga stay legal...
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation Ya know what I'm sayin'? Nothin' but love for the old school That's who we're gonna do this one for, ya feel me? "What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today If the old school didn't pave the way" I remember Mr. Magic, Flash, Grandmaster Caz LL, Raising Hell, but, that didn't last Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D And Red Alert was puttin' in work, with Chuck Chill Had my homies on the hill gettin' ill, when shit was real Went out to steal Remember Raw, with Daddy Kane? When De La Soul was puttin' Potholes in the game I can't explain how it was, Whodini Had me puffin on that buddha gettin' buzzed, 'cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects and on my block You diggy don't stop sippin' on that Private Stock Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic Remember "Push It" was the bomb shit, nuttin' like the old school I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets I'm playin' skelly, Ringolevio, or catch a kiss
Before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch I remember way back, the weak weed they had Too many seeds in the trey bag I'm on the train headin' uptown, freestyling With some wild kids from Bucktown, profilin' 'Cause the hoochies was starin', thinkin' "what them niggas wearin'?" I'm wonderin' if that's her hair, I remember Stickball, humpin' hoochies on the wall
Or takin' leaks on the steps, stinkin' up the hall Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile Me and my homies breakin' nights, tryna keep it true Out on the roof sippin' 90 proof, ain't nuttin' like the old school Remember poppin' and lockin' to Kurtis Blow, the name belts And Scott LaRock the Super Ho back in Latin Quarter When Slick Rick was spittin' La Di Da Di Gamin' the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties
I remember, breakdancin' to Melle Mel Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells Forget the TV, I'd rather hit the streets and do graffiti Be careful don't let the transit cops see me It ain't nuttin' like the old school! Haha, on the real though Remember seein' Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfuckin' party? Remember motherfuckers used to go, "Is Brooklyn in the house?"
And motherfuckers would lose they God Damn Mind! That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin' I remember goin' places that motherfuckers was scared to say They was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb Back in the motherfuckin' old school nigga Remember skelly, nigga? Knockin' niggas out the box, poppin' boxes? Remember stickball? Member niggas to run that shit like that? Remember the block-- 'Member screamin' up at your moms from the window?
Back in the days we played practical jokes on Everybody smoked with they locs and they yokes on All through high school, girls by the dozens Saying we cousins, knowing that we wasn't But like the old saying goes Times goes on and everybody grows Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways And though I been around, clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown And if you need, need anything at all I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call But if you ever need a place to stay Well, alright, y'all But if you ever need a place to stay Well, alright, y'all , if my homies call Well, alright, y'all
It's a shame, you chose the dope game Now you slang 'caine on the streets with no name It was plain that your aim was more 'caine You got fame, now you reign with no shame I chose rap tracks to make stacks In fact, I travel the map with raps that spray cats But now I don't wanna down my homie No matter how low you go, you're not lonely
And I hear that you made a few enemies But when you need a friend, you can depend on me Call if you need my assistance, there'll be no resistance I'll be there in an instant Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover? I'd be no different than the others H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E I'm down to the E-N-D
'Cause it's a fall in no time at all I'm down for y'all, when my homies call Word, if my homies call Well, alright, y'all , if my homies call Well, it's '91 and I'm living kinda swell now But I hear that you're going through some hell, pal But life making records ain't easy It ain't what I expected, it's hectic, it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather My homie is making it elsewhere Striving, working nine-to-five with no health care We both had dreams of being great But his deferred and blurred and changed in shape It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake the crates and fakes and snakes I gotta take my place or fall from grace The bullet's late, the pace is quick and great Smiling face to hide the trace of hate But my homie would never do me wrong That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me, it's on No matter who the foe, they must fall Us against 'em all, I'm down to brawl if my homies call
GHOSTFACE: What up, 'Dro? WOODROW: A-yo, what up, my motherfuckin' nigga? GHOSTFACE: Ha, my nigga, what's that, it's my mother--ahhhhhhhhhh... WOODROW: Whoooooo! GHOSTFACE: What up, kid? WOODROW: A-yo, man, why y'all niggas playing me? 'Cause Woodrow ain't never hurt no-motherfuckin-body... GHOSTFACE: Ahhh, stop fakin'... WOODROW: Get these big niggas off me, man...
GHOSTFACE: Ah, 'Dro, you wild, 'Dro. What up, G? WOODROW: A-yo, let me get two. Let me get two GHOSTFACE: C'mon, 'Dro. You know I can't fuck with you like that, 'Dro, y'know dunn? WOODROW: I'm saying, man, I know y'all motherfuckers say cash rules everything around you, but crack rules everything around me, motherfucker! GHOSTFACE: Stop that, 'Dro! Damn! WOODROW: Know what I'm sayin'? Now, like I said, I got nine dollars for yo' ass, know what I'm sayin'... you know, I come through-- GHOSTFACE: 'Dro 'Dro 'Dro, you got the most G in the world, 'Dro, slow down, pard... Slow down. C'mon... C'mon, Dro-Dro! WOODROW: I'm sayin'! It ain't no motherfuckin' game, nigga, I come through with the TV's... I come through with the VC--
GHOSTFACE: Christmas tomorrow, man! Christmas tomorrow! WOODROW: And I'm gonna come through for y'all motherfuckers all over here! Stapleton, y'all niggas know how I do! And I'm from uptown, I don't even motherfuckin' supposed to be around here, but I come around here, and I spread my motherfuckin' love. Now I'm saying, give me two cracks, let me go on the roof, take my two-- GHOSTFACE: Alright yo. Damn, man... C'mon, but you know... you're like fam, god... WOODROW:--and get on my shit! GHOSTFACE: Alright, duke, C'mon 'Dro, you like fam, man, I love you, man. I love you, man... C'mon 'Dro! WOODROW: C'mon, man, the first is around the motherfuckin' corner, just like you love the first, and when I see yo' ass, in front of that motherfuckin' check cashing, nigga, you don't kiss me! Nigga, you get your motherfuckin' money, and keep steppin'. So let me get my motherfuckin' crack, go get high and do my motherfuckin' thing, and I'm motherfuckin' leavin', motherfucker GHOSTFACE: God... damn, 'Dro! WOODROW: Come on, man, Come on! Brother Stark!
GHOSTFACE: Damn WOODROW: Look, see I always gotta go through this shit, man... y'all niggas are supposed to be Big Willies, you actin' a little silly, motherfucker! GHOSTFACE: That ain't got nothin'...that ain't even got nothin' to do with it, 'Dro, c'mon, 'Dro WOODROW: C'mon, man! C'mon, man! GHOSTFACE: A yo, 'Dro, slow the fuck down. C'mon pard. You know I love you, though, God. What's wrong with you, man? WOODROW: A yo, tell these motherfuckas to back up! These niggas all in my motherfuckin' face-- GHOSTFACE: Nah, those are--Those are my niggas, right there! Overseein'-- WOODROW: You think I don't carry a motherfuckin' pistol, nigga?
BODYGUARD: Ease up, ease up WOODROW: 'Cause I'm a crackhead? GHOSTFACE: Yo 'Dro, stop that, man. Stop that, man. See now, c'mon, baby... WOODROW: Nigga, I got a motherfuckin' nickel plated .380, I go down to my old lady house, man, I tell her, "Suzie, throw it out the window! Suzie!" GHOSTFACE: Ay-yo, you wild WOODROW: Don't play with me, mother-- "Sue!" GHOSTFACE: You wild, 'Dro. Stop it, braw... WOODROW: Back the fuck up, motherfuckers!
GHOSTFACE: Nah it's all... it's all good. This is my, this is my nigga right here, this is 'Dro WOODROW: Now... Brother Stark. All I want is two, man. That's all I want GHOSTFACE: Listen, man. I can't even do it like that... I can't even do it, no, on the real, 'Dro, I'm tight, God. I can't do it like that. You know... c'mon, man. You like fam, God WOODROW: Look, see I'm gonna have to go see the motherfuckin' Rastas, then! I see I'm gonna have to go see the motherfuckin' Rastas! They let a motherfucker get it for seven! GHOSTFACE: Son, they just.. You wonder why... you wonder why them niggas keep lookin' at yo' ass, huh? Fuck with them niggas like that! WOODROW: Fuck them, fuck you, and fuck this motherfuckin' crack house! I'm out, motherfuckers! Fuck y'all motherfuckers! GHOSTFACE: Yo 'Dro, don't disrespect my gate... don't disrespect it. Don't disrespect my gate like that WOODROW: I don't give a f--y'all won't let me get two for nine dollars. One motherfuckin' dollar?
Seems like haters never take a night off But you know I'ma tell them that they can get lost Cause I'm feelin myself, it's my world I'm spending money like a rich white girl I'm gon' ball like I'm 7 feet tall I don't know about y'all, but I'ma get off, cause I'm feelin myself Oh, what a feelin, the champagne is spilling All this dirty money got me bathed in them millions
Came out unscathed from the days of my dealing The driver of that car wasn't made for a ceiling Still up on my Nino, smelling like a kilo But I'm downy fresh soft white like my pillow Feelin myself so if he know like we know Cross that line and get shot like a free throw Rather be on fire at the tables out in Vegas Under bright lights, middle finger to you haters
In a perfect world, just my guns and my girl We shine like diamonds and pearls and I'm feelin myself I'm feelin myself, pause! One more cup and I might take off Seems like haters never take a night off But you know I'ma tell them that they can get lost Cause I'm feelin myself, it's my world I'm spending money like a rich white girl
I'm gon' ball like I'm 7 feet tall I don't know about y'all, but I'ma get off, cause I'm feelin myself Baby take your chance, never mind what you're hearing I can change your life tell me what are you comparing Put you on the red carpet tell them what you're wearing More than my winnings, we can share opinions Like baby steps, we can share beginnings Walk before you run, but she so independent
And I could see us fly, the sky is the limit We so real, got my own quarter mill Counting money on the bed, watching Deal or No Deal In a perfect world, just my guns and my girl We shine like diamonds and pearls and I'm feelin myself I propose a toast to every living kingpin Smart enough to delegate their work to their wing man Keep a bad bitch on the arm of my bling hand
Yeah, now how ya like me now Got the hog on two-six Press a button, watch the motherfucker do tricks I don't know what you on, but I'm on some new shit While your bitch is on my dick like a glue stick I got a grill, I don't have to get my tooth fixed The tooth fairy would retire if I lose it Straight out the clip, that's how I spit, like an Uzi
You can't find me 'cause I'm lost in the music I'm running this, and I can jump the hurdles I'm feeling like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles Keep a bandana like the Ninja Turtles I'm like a turtle when I sip the purple And I smoke that kush And I ball like swoosh So how ya like me now
Buck-sixty on the dash, I'mma do two Captain Crunch, these niggas is Froot Loops That's why your girl wanna fuck me and my group too And I'mma make her back it up like 'droop shoop' I'm the Birdman Junior, I gotta do coupes I hop up out that motherfucker, holler "Soowoo" Hollygrove 17, I'm from the Zoo Crew You would think every animal in the zoo loose
I'm on that screw juice But I keep my shit together, not a screw loose I'm higher than a new suit 'Cause we smoke that kush Now how ya like me now Buck-forty on a ring that I don't really wear But I bet it light up the night like the city fair The shit ain't fair
I didn't have to go there But all this ice got me feelin' like a polar bear I'm so aware I'm so prepared I'm so fly I will take off into the open air Liftoff Cristal Please
Crackers with cheese Nigga please Like Curtis Martin in white and green I'm... lightin', lightin', light the thing, light the thing No reggie man You know I smoke that kush And I ball like swoosh You know I smoke that kush
Here we come, bout to fuckin' explode) Flipmode, Busta Bus Nine-seven , hot shit Check it out Hit you with no delayin' so what you sayin', yo? Silly with my nine milli, what the deally, yo? When I be on the mic, yes I do my duty, yo Wild up in the club like we wild in the studio
You don't wanna violate nigga really and truly, yo My main thug nigga named Julio he moody, yo Type of nigga that'll slap you with the tool-io Tappin' mistresses, bangin' bitches in videos Whylin' with my freak like we up in the freak shows Hit you with the shit make you feel it all in your toes If you don't know you fuckin' with lyrical player pros, like that Do you really wanna party with me?
Let me see just what you got for me Put all your hands where my eyes can see In God We Trust Yo, it's a must that you heard of us, yo, we murderous A lot of niggas is wondering and they curious How me and my niggas do it, it's so mysterious Furious, all of my niggas is serious Shook niggas be walkin' around fearin' us
Front nigga, like you don't wanna be hearin' us Gotta listen to how radio be playin' us Thirty time a day shit'll make you delirious Damagin' everything all up in your areas Yo, it's funny how all the chickens be always servin' us All up in between they ass where they wanna carry us Hit'cha good then I hit 'em off with the alias Various, chickens they wanna marry us
Yo it's Flipmode, my nigga, you know we 'bout to bust Seven-figure money the label preparin' us Bite the dust, instead of you, makin' a fuss Niggas know better cause there ain't no comparin' us Mad at us, niggas is never, we fabulous Hit my people off with the flow that be marvelous Oh shit, my whole clique victorious Taking no prisoners niggas is straight up warriors
You know you got it going on You can see by the way that she walking You so fine that your body need a bodyguard Well I could be your Bobby Or your only tendaroni Let me beam you up like Scotty I got Whitney just enough for Everybody in this party girl
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da Da, da, da, da, da, yeah Bass Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da Yo', I'm in like flint, Benjamin Franklin my twin Yeah, if she can't swim, I gotcha girl sinking in my Benz
Backstroke, backstroke, like Michael Phelps with my backstroke Break her off 'til her back broke, I leave her numb like crack-coke Then I get to the money, Monday through Sunday Ain't she sweet like Honey Dew honey Menage A, watch Honey do Honey and then they do me and I'm glad they done it Yeah, I'm wit' D-R-E The nigga that make beats with the nigga C-O-O-L, Cool We so motherfuckin' cool-er than you
Bass Damn it Hey, you know you got it going on You can see by the way that she walking You so fine that your body need a bodyguard But I'm your Kevin Costner And I will be the boss, girl I'll pull up a bike, 'cause shawty out of sight
High fives 'cause another nigga played your ass It was said you were sleezy, even easy Sleepin' around for what you need, see It's your thing, and you can shake it how you wanna Give it up free or make your money on the corner But don't be bad, play the game, get mad and change Then you wonder why these motherfuckers call you names Still lookin' for a way out, and that's okay
I can see you wanna stray, there's a way out Keep your mind on your money, enroll in school And as the years pass by, you can show them fools But you ain't tryin' to hear me 'cause you're stuck You're headin' for the bathroom, 'bout to get tossed up Still lookin' for a rich man, you dug a ditch Got your legs up tryin' to get rich I love you like a sister, but you need to switch
And that's why they called you bitch--I betcha! I betcha I betcha, bitch I betcha You leave your kids with your mama 'Cause your headin' for the club In a skin-tight miniskirt, lookin' for some love Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car I guess he said he had a Lexus, what's next? You headin' to his car for some sex? I pass by, can't hold back tears inside 'Cause Lord knows, for years I tried And all the other people on my block hate your guts Then you wonder why they stare and call you slut It's like your mind don't understand
You don't have to kill your dreams plottin' schemes on a man Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin' I'm hearin' rumors, so you need to switch And niggas wouldn't call you bitch--I betcha! I betcha, bitch I guess times gettin' hard, even harder for you 'Cause hey now, got a baby on the way now
More money from the county, and thanks to the welfare You're about to get your hair done Got a dinner date, can't be late Trick or treat, sweet thang got another trick to meet The way he did it it was smooth Plottin' while he gamin' you so, baby, peep the rules I should've seen it in the first case, the worst case I should've never called you back in the first place
I remember back in high school, baby, you was fast Straight sex when you moved your ass But now things change, 'cause you don't look the same Let the ghetto get the best of you, baby, that's a shame Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased And finally be at peace So where your niggas at now? 'Cause everybody left They stepped, and left you on your own
See, I loved you like a sister, but you died too quick And that's why we called you bitch--I betcha! You wonda why we call you bitch You wonda why we call you bitch Dear Ms. Delores Tucker, keep stressin' me Fuckin' with a motherfuckin' mind I figured you wanted to know You know, why we call them hoes bitches
Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop 'Til my casket drop I'm high 'til I die Loced 'til they smoke me, the shit don't stop 'Til my casket drop I'm high 'til I die Shit don't stop Game rules, ain't got time for fools
Money on my mind, so my nine rules Time to, make weight, niggas gettin' crazy paid And hatin' bitches for the games they play So nigga, pull quick, but better be quicker than the next motherfucker on the, trigger 'Cause I'm static, startin' to be a fuckin' havoc Gotta keep my automatic, or get my ass kicked When I'm in traffic, it's kinda rough and, I drive a bucket Live the Thug Life nigga screaming, fuck it
I love to throw my middle finger to the police And no bucks, no justice, no peace I'm smokin' blunts 'til I pass out Yeah, nigga, gettin' assed out Rollin' in my nigga's glass house Drivin' fast, talkin' to bitches, whippin' cash out I'm with my niggas, so fuck the suckers, I'm buckin' bustas Smokin' chronic motherfuckers causin' ruckus
It's the last of the drank, pull over Can't hear a damn thing sober High 'til I die Shit don't stop Lord help me save me, mama keep prayin' For a young motherfucka, tryna duck an early grave In the city where you can't tell the fakes from the snakes Enemies from phonies, friends from your homies
Around the corner there's another nigga waitin' to jack He don't know I got a Glock 'til his ass get shot Like a mutha fuckin' Thug disease Cravin' beats like they motherfuckin' drugs to me What's up with bitches tryin' to screw me, do me 'cause I did a movie Throw the pussy to me, but before they never knew me Rather die then let ya play me for a busta And with my Glock, I'm a plotin' ass rotten mutha fucka
Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch* Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch* Open fire on you niggas Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch* Y'all can't kill me! Open fire on you niggas *lower pitch* Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
But you can't, you can't give up Baby don't cry! I hope you got your head up Even when the road is hard, never give up! Baby don't cry! I hope you got your head up Even when the road is hard, never give up! Now here's a story 'bout a woman with dreams So picture perfect at 13, an ebony queen Beneath the surface it was more than just a crooked smile
Nobody knew about her secret so it took a while I could see a tear fall slow down her black cheek Sheddin' quiet tears in the back seat; so when she asked me "What would you do if it was you?" Couldn't answer such a horrible pain to live through I tried to trade places in the tragedy I couldn't picture three crazed niggas grabbin' me For just a moment I was trapped in the pain
Lord, come and take me Four niggas violated, they chased and they raped me Even though it wasn't me, I could feel the grief No! You got to find a way to survive 'Cause they win when your soul dies Baby please don't cry!, you got to keep your head up Baby don't cry!, you got to keep your head up baby don't cry!, I hope you got yo' head up
Baby don't cry... Forget him, girl, he ain't gon' never change I ain't no hater but that nigga lost in the game After the bright lights and big thangs He probably could love you, but he in love with the struggle Everyday, his mind on gettin' mo' And never your feelings, he's chasin' millions for sho' Uh oh, now you 'bout to have his baby?
Beautiful, black, precious, and complicated A new millennium dime piece, so fine she Got 'em all stuck standin' still when she come through Baby, take a little mo' time, love will find you Baby don't cry... I'm tryin' to do all that I can From jump, now you losin', you was choosin' the wrong man Dealt the wrong hand, you was young and beautiful
Lost and turned out, what you let that nigga do to you? I knew her since elementary, she blew a kiss to me Wrote me a note in crayon, wantin' to get with me We was kids, now she got three kids They see their father e'ryday, and they don't know who he is Seen him last night, homie roll a E-class Mad cheese in the stash, still a deadbeat dad I bring her Pampers and food, just to stop through
But those ain't my seeds, nothin' really I could do I feel pity for you, you ain't even his wife Seventeen with three kids, locked down for life Should've chose me, she 'bout to OD from the pressure Hell nah, I won't let her For all the ladies Baby don't cry! Got to keep your head up Makaveli lives on aight?
Love, love, oh no! This one is for my baby boo Now whats about baby Red Rat will always love you, always! Cho! Me no have nothing if me no have you Me pray the day that you say you want me too Remember that I still love you!
Me no have nothing if me no have you Me pray the day that you say you want me too I want you be my baby boo I don't have everything... As a matter of fact, I don't have ANYTHING! From my heart YO! Accept the G of a better day
And you tell me find my way .. ..but be the man I'm sure to make mistakes But to keep you, I'll do ALL it takes Of course, YEAH! Me no think you know How you make me glow Give me a chance fi show, and I'll show I really want you know
This is not a flo' Can we stick to the red cross? YO!.. I would drop all my girls for you Walk barefoot 'round the world for you I wish you know how much I cared You'd see my love is true, that love we'd share Believe that yo
Even if you change your mind And said our love was through I'll die, I would cry, but I'll still love you Yo bena or not molest me of you Prepare to die or say you want me too If it don't work - I still love you It's for our love, no matter what I'll still love you
In the end, nobody wins In this game of life From a street level, you eat with the devil here Dance with the wolves, keep that heat on your metal here Nobody cares, cuz everybody's rebels here It's so real, you ain't even gotta double dare You can hear, all them cries from the ghetto here Lies is what they sell you here
Why would you settle here? I try to wonder why them tourists vacation here It's them dollars that, all of us is chasing here German, Jamaican beer, few of us is taking here Yeah, ain't no winners we just disappear It ain't just sinners niggas snitching here, listen here Ain't no winners in this game of life Some'll claim that they came here twice "My God"
My advice, never change your stripes Cause ain't no winners in this game of life Yeah, it's only here where you lose all your morals here You get used, all the girls giving orals here Most dudes, for some reason feel immortal here Yeah, this Hennessey got me saucy here Don't wanna kill but still they trying to force me there Can't chill, my chicks trying to talk me there
But that ain't how they taught me here I can never walk in fear NO, cell phones is walky-talkies here Yeah, it's like my nightmares stalk me here I'm a beast till them motherfuckers chalk me here Leave me in a flossy pair You know it's not my choice we here Yeah, I feel lost in this motherfucking jungle here
If you ain't live I advise you not to come through here No lie, most these guys ain't too humble here The livest crews crumble here We drive through them tunnels here We make sounds but we communicate under here Niggas facing hundred years Some mothers is unwanted here Yeah, even taskforce don't want it here
Yo, right before I lay your soul to sleep Witness the day of your wreckin' and with God on the street Behold, what the fuck y'all niggas come around here for We massacre the masses so therefore Here's your, invitation to explore The way we gather up niggas to thoroughly rep for My street niggas, c'mon Stressed niggas, c'mon
Hungry niggas, c'mon Hope my live motherfuckers pass the test y'all Prepare for high retribution, and I hope God bless y'all Fuck shit up and watch the truth manifest y'all Pushin through just like a wild flood With such a pain that's so intense it make y'all wanna cry blood My slang talk earned a scholarship, from how to style a chick Influence rulership and earn another dollar quick
You need to do the philosophical research Fuck around and be the next to die you better leave first Yo, my whole crew extra large, stay charged Like polytheism havin' belief in many gods I gotta handful of niggas with a sick disease Die close to destructive anti-social tendencies Yo, turn up the treble just a level Analyze the science deeper than when Musa symbolized the devil
Now let me ask y'all Ha, all hell break loose Yo, we fight to the end and never call for a truce Y'all niggas better pick and choose and select the battles wisely Always with the same approach and never once surprised me Ha, however how clever Niggas is fighting for mad cheddar Yo, cold like the wind blow in the winter
Make you remember the torture like the frostbite that bit off your finger This Means War, I said it before Adrenaline rush, heart beat rapid, sweat wet up the floor Try to threat and wanna battle me nigga I'ma show you the major difference between a dream and reality nigga Yo, then I continuously hype up a nation Huddle with my niggas plan for tomorrow go into isolation And analyze how many niggas gon lose
Tryin to squeeze they foot up in a pair of great man shoes And analyze how we was needed to live Carry out my dooney give the most thanks and be appreciative Pass this to all my seeds after me Represent and fight to be that everything my seeds want me to be The economy has been at it's best, to all my niggas hungry Let's keep weavin' and magical methods of makin' money So I'ma rep at my fullest, you can't spark me
Busta Bus back to just put a lock on a town Lot of my bitches be comin' from miles around See they be comin' cause they know how the God get down Now you know who holdin' the throne so gimme the crown Niggas salutin' and tryna give me a pound I don't really fuck with you niggas, you niggas is clowns Making the bitches strippin', throw they shit on the ground Now that's the way that it goes
When we up in the spot the shit be flooded with hoes See we a make it hot, the chicks will come out their clothes That's when you get it, mami already know I suppose Shorty wildin' and Shorty open, she beastin' it out For the record, just a second I'm freaking it out She turned around and was tryna put my dick in her mouth I let her And as we started, got me ringin' her bell
When I come I be doin' it and doin' it well Then I beat up the coochie and be makin' it swell It's crowded, mami, move it along If you know you 'bout it then get to removin' your thong To the whip and back of the truck that's where you belong After the yac, see the type of raunchy shit they be on Street niggas respect it because my movement is strong 'Cause we consistently rep and see my money is long
All my bitches is wit' me, see how they singing the song Plus how we give 'em the stick and we be dickin' along I let her The God of the block, see that I'm back Every single time that I drop, the shit is a wrap For the niggas hatin' the kid I'm close to the strap Lot of mamis is dancin' and they shakin' their hips After that they get low and put the thing on their lips
You know all of a sudden I feel this certain need to.. .. express myself to you You see before I felt kind of funny to say these kind of things I mean to be all honest, that is, but now.. hmm.. Well let's just say I'm not ashamed Now in my lifetime I've been all around the world From city to city, from state to state And of course, from girl to girl
And I believe that I've played every game in the world That one man could possibly play And of all those games, you're the only chip on the table That's made me feel this way Now I realize that love takes time And trust is somethin that you have to earn mmm Well I'm prepared to give you all of me
But, I need the same in return These are some things that I've been meaning to say And for my concealed feelings I've come to realize That I'm to blame So I have to take a little time out to get together Now baby, I'm not ashamed Let yourself be free Express yourself to me
Try to make me see What sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow Never let me go I want to let you know Don't ever feel ashamed You know just yesterday I portrayed my life as a player Looked at every woman as ahhh..
As ahhh.. as just a one night affair Now all of a sudden I feel this change that makes me lonnnng For some type of commitment Nah, since I said _Ain't No Half-Steppin'_ Aww yeah, I'm with this And let's become two of a kind, a perfect pair in which All feelins are the same All love and respect
And never ever, feeling ashamed Let yourself be free Express yourself to me Try to make me see What sparks would start this flame Take it nice and slow Never let me go I want to let you know
Don't ever feel ashamed Don't ever feel ashamed, talk to me baby! I know that you played every game.. Ahh but I love you just the same, hooooh We'll take it nice and slow yeah We don't ever have to let it goooooooo Wanna let you know Don't ever feel ashamed sugar
To the whole rap world rhythm nation And take a taste of this verbal vibration With more color than you see on animation And bear witness to my smooth operation To all the deejays and radio stations Who put my record in heavy rotation Reprise reps for their affiliation Of course Warner Brothers help my elevation
And Farrakhan for the righteous conversations I can't forget the people all around the nation From the adults to the younger generation The black, white, Chinese and even Haitian Because the music ain't about segregation So you can go take a dookie on the toilet Know what I'm sayin? Do you know what I'm sayin?
So can we give this demonstration? So yo Me and Big Daddy We kickin it on the down low Word up, just buggin in the studio Know what I'm sayin? Givin all y'all party people out there a - little - bit of - de-mon-stration For the year '91 me and Big Daddy gon' say peace
It's already around my neck, they want to tighten the loop Ten steps ahead, twenty steps behind you Spit a rhyme in your ear just to frighten your boo Most niggas rather ask me, 'You nicer than who?' When they really want to ask me, 'Who's nicer than you? The mic on the bicep is the proof, it ain't a lie it's the truth I'm just doing what I'm to do I'm a two-thousand and two Canibus type-two
Mic guru with gurus and too Modules with blood vessel designed tube and My mind is moving to rewrite blueprints with new ink Click on Canibus and choose a link I abuse how you think, just get off my dick Rhymes so cold, I spit block-ice Gotta wear night socks at night, to stop vocal cord frostbite The R-type I.P.P.E.R. aconite
I never thought that it could come down to this It's a subject that I just can't resist You got jokes, but this one here is for you As yellow as some pineapple punch They got that way because you don't brush It's too late for that, toothpaste won't be enough You probably got gingivitis in your gums How you smile so freely showin' ya teef
Hi ho, or bye ho, if you're lookin for a sucker I'm just another motherfucker Pucker your lips, do flips like Mary Lou Just because I fucked you doesn't mean that I'mma marry you Bury you, I will do, after, I bill you Kill you, ho, cause your shit smells like mildew Pe-ew, think you need some soap and a rag Or better yet Black, Flag, you scallywag
Tag, I didn't mean to diss dis... ho butt But you need to stay such, do not touch Much disrespect goes out to you And your parents, too, for having you Haven't you been introduced to a douche? I guess you said fuck footloose, and got your pussy loose No juice, you shoulda dried up, like a prune-a Mister mechanic this place needs a tune up
For the pink cadillac cause it's block is off And have more use, than a public park For recreation, giving up the body is a hobby I'm tellin Santa Claus you been naughty Ho ho ho, Merry Christmas Aiyyo JuJu, I just had to diss dis Heidi Heidi Ho, huh, the Heidi Ho All the niggas know, yo the Heidi Ho, c'mon
The Heidi Ho, hah the Heidi Ho All the niggas know, that you're a Heidi Ho Eni-meeny-meeny-meeny-meeny-meeny-miney-moe Careful to catch a tiger, after you catch a tiger You can catch a ho, there's your ho, kiss a ho, fuck a ho Diss a ho, I'm Petey Wheatstraw from the Southside of Chicago Hablo ingles? I don't know espanol Joe I can go the line plus a hundred like Flo Jo
Homo's a nono, so faggots, stay solo I roll my dick so it holds just like a Rolo Total recall, yeah I see y'all I see you, I see you're a freak too, so peek a boo I'm prickin you whether or not, took you out that's work see So get your skirt see, and bitch, dirty Curtsey, dosey-do out the do' slut This is what I come on, so slut you better grow up
Slow up, you forgot your earrings here take em Salami beef and ham with the asalaam alaikum Like that ho that ho Dabba-da-dat, it's like that ho Heidi Heidi Ho, huh, the Heidi Ho All the niggas know, yo the Heidi Ho, c'mon The Heidi Ho, hah the Heidi Ho All the niggas know, that you're a Heidi Ho
Sittin on the dock of the bay, I say ho Bo knows this ho blows much much dick An undercover trick, a toe a tac a tic Naked at, frick-a-frat, plus her puddy wat C'mere k-k-k-k-k-k, yo c'mere you little puddy cat What, your booty black is so indespicable You squaw-pie, tack-haired, motherfuckin jiggaboo You can suck a dick or two or three or four or mo' here
But first get curlin iron burns off your forehead My nigga Coe said, that you're an around the way girl You're fuckin everybody around the way, and been all around the world And you still can't find yo' fate But you had a couple of babies I mean a Bunch like Brady The lady is a tramp snake ho yo and all of that Fuck her sixty-nine you get the eighty-six and don't call me back Your black ass bunion
We gon', uh Y-y-y-yo, yo yo yo yo, and then uh Yo yo yo yo, we gonna Yo yo yo yo Alright... Okay On some K-R-S be here forever type unh You-you-you-you know you shouldn't rhyme like unh Let them pussy niggas get in your mind like unh
Baby boy you could do it take your time do it.... If you get the chance To be a man in a b-boy stance and advanced from the go I'll trace outer space with a unh The baby-sitter of styles - I've traveled miles with Bitches and....I've traveled miles with..... I've traveled miles with bitches and brew the ritual Of the real unh
Your platinum but real unh's don't feel you You sampled real unh's and then filtered I'm built to last - at last I'm free The Roots and SV be the family tree SV and the Roots be the family tree Come on As long as it's funky....alright..okay As long as it's funky...alright
As long as it's funky...alright...okay As long as it's funky...funky for you now I style for the ohhh - wild for the ohhh I've never been.. the type of nigga.. To take.. a broad to the courts As a shorty I was always into sports Now I talk to drums and walk in slums and thoughts that's ohhh Instinct to hustle-divided by the struggle
Plus a couple of scuffle's and up to high shuffle Even when it sound muffled.. I bust through.. narrow gates.. With king-sized thoughts that's sparrow shaped Before I came up I had to elevate Let a nigga move where he wanna move up to You don't like how I'm livin... well fuck ohhh I stuck to what I was on... a star is born on a cusp
Many angel's fell to the dust Leavin' me to trust... only a ohhh Leavin' me to trust y'all only a ohhh Leavin' me to trust in a - ahh ohhh ohhh ohhh As long as it's funky...alright As long as it's funky...funky for you now Let your.. imagination.. dance to the.. Dance to the.. dance to the hey
I been searchin' But you're the one I want in my life, baby I been searchin' But you're the one I want in my life, baby I'm reminiscin' on your tenderness And the snugglin' and teasin' Missin' what I remember Kissin' and huggin' and squeezin'
Buggin' and wheezin' I'm havin' trouble when breathin' You're all I'm thinkin' of in the evenin' You got my knees bucklin' and weakenin' Thoughts of nothin' but freakin' That I'm strugglin' to keep in No matter what you're wearin', you stun 'Cause you're comparin' to none
I want to share in the fun, I feel a passionate lust When I imagine it just alone at last when it's us I see you graspin' to trust But my intentions are good, let's leave the past in the dust I'm not askin' to rush And answer me immediately I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me If you agree to repeat after me
"I love you" 'Cause I just need you to see How much I'm eager to be your man legally wed Your love's keepin' me fed This is easily said, so you can lead or be led If you care to be down 'Cause ain't nobody like you nowhere to be found Baby, it's all on you, it's you I call on, boo
Let's set a day up, so you can fall on through We'll take a spin in a Lexus You can chill for dinner and breakfast Time enough to see how this gentleman sexes We'll start it off with caviar, Dom Perignon And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on We'll take it slow, see, nobody will hurry things I got the Izze, the Bacardi and Hurricane
If daiquiris and are not your thing that day It's still all right 'cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray You're an incredible one that's rare I bet in edible underwear You'll look impeccable, none compare I dream of freakin' you, the woman that I'm speakin' to, It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do, so Now we all set to play, only thing left to say
FREAK NASTY: Damn! Look what time it is! Shit, overslept! Damn! Gotta call these hoes and make sure they still comin'. Damn! Hope the motherfuckers home, shit ANGEL: Hi, this is Angel, but don't let the name fool you! FREAK NASTY: Damn this machine CANDY: This is Candy, and I taste as good as I sound FREAK NASTY: Ohh, look at that shit. She always does some wild shit on her shit MARY: This is Mary, and I'll be your little virgin
ALL THREE GIRLS: We want you to stick your ooh-ooh in ah-ah-ahh! FREAK NASTY: I heard that before, "Ooh-ooh-ah-ah," yeah MARY: We specialize in blow jobs. Just leave us your ... FREAK NASTY: Damn, it's late. Hope she home, fuck MARY: name and your number and we'll call you back as soon as possible Thank you FREAK NASTY: Oh. Danger, you gotta quit that But now look here, this Freak Nasty
Look here: Uh, they moved the party to another crib in a different forest I know you got the kids that gotta jet out to the airport but uh I'll see you there soon, you know, later (It's that fuckie suckie! At Freak Nasty party! It's that fuckie suckie!) {Come on and eat me baby!} (It's that fuckie suckie! At Freak Nasty party! Check this out, hoe!) It's that fu-ckie su-ckie!! You see, we party every week at one of my cribs
Fuckin' hoes and barbecuin' up those pork and beef ribs Women walkin' in and out, g-string down I was in a pool, chillin', layin' these fuckin' lyrics down It's all about havin' fun and lettin' down your hair Bring your mama, bring your sister, bring your auntie; I don't care 'Cause my boys Los Caus, they servin' up like waiters 'Cause we don't have no time, for not one playa hater! It's that fuckie suckie!) Them bitches gettin' wild!
Check this out, hoe!) It's that fu-ckie su-ckie!! Verse 2: Now if your girl, she's freakin' We definitely, we speakin' Now if, she's fuckin', you best to keep on truckin' If you playa hate, you need to find another date Or come join in, or stay standing at the gate You knew she was a freak, that's why you got with her ass If you thought you wasn't gettin' none you woulda let it pass
All I'm doin', player, is speakin' the truth So don't get mad at me if somebody else is knockin' the boots! It's that fuckie suckie!) Hoes gettin' naked! I didn't create this game; all I did was join the team But comin' to one of my parties is the American dream We got them hoes on niggas, them niggas on them hoes Them hoes on them hoes 'cause everything goes They buy, they try anything here
And don't forget to get the cards so I can whoop y'all ass in some spades , and if they ain't got it at that store, get it at the 99-cent store, nigga. Yo, yo, yo, we on the steps with a six pack of Beck's Four dutches, Osh Kosh jumpers, '86 viles, mustard A summer night, light drizzle type Waitin' for the Mike fight to come on, son 'pose to been on I keep runnin' to the bathroom, shittin' I'm blowin' up Keisha bathroom, everybody bitchin' , Ghost need his colon cleansed Countin' up g-stacks, eatin' Ken' Fried Chicken
Who wanna play spades? Word to rap, I'm givin' y'all a whippin' Guzzled a couple, now, I'm seein' double Rubbin' my girl leg, lookin' at Barbara, her sister got a nice bubble I used to fuck her while she was seated by Bags from Brooklyn He drove a Jag', she cut me off when she turned Muslim I need some pussy though, that kind that be gushy though That warm platinum pussy, with a dynamic pussy hole I gotta fuck somethin', if not, I'mma fuck my girl
Wanna trust you babe Trust me, I love you Trust me, I need you Trust me, I want you Trust me Baby why don'tcha, honey why won'tcha Accept the fact that it's not just the knack That I care? So please let me share
Special moments, moments so rare Check it out, if I could give you the world, you know I'd do it Everything at your feet, ain't nothin to it But it's hard sweetheart, and it's rough out here But I doubt there, is anybody else for me Trust me, I love you Trust me, I need you Trust me, I want you
Trust me Mmm the things I feel, they are for real I'm past the point of dwellin, on the sex appeal Mad chicks sweat me, but I desire your womanness Dude sweats you, but I'm the best Listen, we could build a future together No doll and I would never soup you ever, never I'm buggin out, over the thought of you leavin
Tried to step to you, but now you're retreatin I do believe you do care To tell you the truth, I am scared Some freaky people out there You know? I sent you flowers and, I sat for hours and Contemplated, the state of our affairs and I find there Is no way out I'm in a love lock
The funny thing about it I don't wanna even stop, so So now you know the flavor It's not about the stuff I gave ya And my behavior is based on strong Feelings I have, of you and me, it's like a bond A treasure, not to be corny but word I wanna give you all the joy that you deserve I know we argue, sometimes I start to annoy you
But we should never ever, try to destroy two Hearts joined, intertwined with a passion Give me a chance love, that's all I'm askin And furthermore, you can be sure that I'll do Every little thing you need, yes it's true I'm not desperate, but I'm the one for you Love is so risky y'know I want you to do and show
Ride, ride Cruisin baby - come smoke with me Cruisin baby Roll down these streets Bounce Yo, yo "I wanna.." take a trip to the Beverly Center And scoop a mean model broad up dawg and get head in the renter
Gotta take her home, clean her up before I can finish Cause ain't no pussy worth gettin burnt while I'm up in it Then I made her roll up while I was runnin a bath And she said she do X, I gave her one and a half Let her get her roll on and made her jump in the bath I left her standin there sayin.. haha "I wanna.." come through in the orange M5 And I got them things in the trunk and they goin for ten-five
It could and it will get ugly, but so what? No matter how it go down, the hood'll still love me Never cut broads, I let everybody hit 'em My bullets is like chicken pox, everybody get 'em You know Ja' blow pud-dy, lookin for somethin to slay Mixin the 'gnac with Ocean Spray, c'mon "I wanna.." Cruisin baby - come ride with me
Ride with me, ride with me, ride with me Cruisin baby - roll down these streets Roll with me, roll with me, roll with me with me.. "I wanna.." bust a bitch upside her motherfuckin head For talkin shit to a pimp Limp on 'em, flip on 'em, dip on 'em Crip on 'em, and put this motherfuckin dick on 'em
Rolled a fat blunt and smoked this motherfuckin dope up Cause you know what? Shit a nigga know you're so tough, but bitch I wanna go fuck "I wanna.." take you upstairs, and do dat dere Hell motherfuckin yeah See I'm a real player and I won't waste your time I've been a starter, I ain't never sat the fuckin pine Stay on the frontline, it's all by de-sign
Nigga done the crizzime, ain't never dropped a dizzime Everything is fizzine, rollin up a dizzime D-O-double-G I got bitches waitin in lizzine Cruisin baby - come ride with me Ride with me, ride with me, ride with me Cruisin baby - roll down these streets Roll with me, roll with me, roll with me with me..
Uh-huh, yeah.. yeah.. "I wanna.." do the club thing like in and out in an hour And then I'm back home bangin shorty out in the shower Check it I'm chasin the Henny with Coronas She got in her mind that, she gon' get some Fendi if I bone her Backshot was murder from the rear And she gave me mean top, while I blew the purple in her hair And still got honey thinkin that
"I wanna.." automatic start on the Aston Martin Can't beat 'Kiss cause you ain't got half the heart an' Get you hit on the inside for half a carton Couple of suits - dawg, we fuckin with loot I got enough dough to chill in court But I know dudes with twenty-five in and they still ain't short But never mind that, we can't lose Pour another drink, roll another dutch up
You know me, I'm with a ghetto diva, stiletto fever Jell-o shots, yellow reefer Same rules apply, I'm back on top You can't drink or smoke if you not gon' pop See me in the popcorn drop, not gon' stop Takin shots of Patron, gettin top on yachts The medallion's a mountain, rock on rocks The whole world wanna know when this lock gon' drop
Without a doubt, she acknowledge the wealth Since she ain't give brains, I told her let me get some knowledge of self Then I told her be proud of yourself and dig deep And try to see what you could get out of yourself After all that, I told her to fall back The Ferrari truck parked in the back is all black It depends how I feel in the morn' if I call back, what I'm with this bad Ethiopian chick, drinkin' straight up liquor
I told her I'm Nigerian, a straight up nigga Now is it just me, or do them Uggs Have girls feet lookin' like sheepskin rugs? Some rhyme with a name, some rhyme nameless Don't try to treat me like I ain't famous My apologies, are you into astrology? 'Cause um, I'm tryin' to make it to Uranus See that's a little Don Juan game
All across your chest like Sean John name Niggas tryin' to figure out since Kan' came Who the rookie of the year, me or LeBron James? They say whoa, don't get caught up in the hype Ain't no tellin' they gon' love you after tonight Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models Spend money 'til you broke, my nigga live your life! Ah-ha!
Young, M, ex, tra, money, let's go Girl you know you got a body-adi-adi Where you get your little body-adi-adi You can't tie a sweater over that ass, or hide it in pajamas We lay back, blowin' ganja DVD, she make it hard to watch a flat TV - WHOA! I crept up behind her Mami threw it like a quarterback, I caught that like Rice
I call mami Montana, bandana Tied her hands up - this is gangsta love Threw on a rap CD, we gangsta fucked This ain't R&B smooth, I ain't a R&B dude Poured a glass of Army, got mami in the mood Then she stripped for me like the "Moulin Rouge" I think I might wife her Y'know, powder blue Rocawear suit, white Nike her
Add mami to the cypher R-O-C for life cuz, the gang, motherfucker I make ya hotter than the next bitch - no need For you to ever sweat the next bitch - with speed I make the next bitch see the exit - indeed Gotta know you're thoroughly respected - by me You get the keys to the Lexus - but no drive You get your own 2002, she through ridin'
Keep yo' ass tight up in Versace That's why you gotta watch yo' friends You gotta watch me, they connivin' shit See I just wanna freak your body-adi-adi I know you don't do this for everybody-adi But everybody ain't as horny as me Mami shot through the pad with the Mark Jacobs bag The thick stitched seam and her favorite ass jeans
Y'all know the first date wearers To make objects bigger than they appear like a rear view mirror Oh, her shoe game is real She gave 'em the Christian Louboutin's with the four inch heels But honestly my favorite type of gear Is a scrungy for her hair and LaPearla underwear, clear? Girl I hear you callin', let's stop stallin' Do what we came to do
Let's put our hands together for this dynasty!" "Welcome ladies and gentlemen To the 8th wonder of the world! The flow of the century, always timeless: HOV!" "Thank you for coming out tonight You could've been anywhere in the world But you're here with us, we appreciate that" H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A
Fo' shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA Was herbing 'em in the home of the Terrapins Got it dirt cheap for them Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them Wasn't-born-hustlers, I was birthing 'em H to the Izz-O, V to the Izz-A For sheezy, my neezy, keep my arms so breezy Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clapped in chrome, it ain't easy Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in But somehow I beat them charges like Rocky Not guilty, he who does not feel me Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist So poof! --Vamoose, son of a bitch! Fo' shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me Check it out, yo It starts with one One thing, I don't know why It doesn't even matter how hard you try Keep that in mind I designed this rhyme to explain in due time All I know
Time is a valuable thing Watch it fly by as the pendulum swings Watch it count down to the end of the day The clock ticks life away and it's so unreal I didn't look out below I watched the time go right out the window Trying to hold on and didn't even know I wasted it all just to watch you go
I kept everything inside And even though I tried, it all fell apart What it meant to me will eventually be a memory Of a time when I tried so- LP, Jay-Z, help me up "Oh, they havin' a good old time out there!" It starts with LP, Jay-Z, help me up
(It's been a code blue! It's been a code blue~! Comin from The Commi$$ion department!) You're not the proven worth it You're worthless, you hurt this You catch the tubercu's, your rap style straight circus Con from Tom, wishin you can survive on a cruton My enemies walk out and move on The bar you get your booze on
Two step, two step! Two step, two step girl Two step, two step! Two step, two step - it's no Octo An ark this time Everybody just yo' watch and clock this time Girl with the big ass - she's on the jock this time You think I'm sharp with pointy ears like a Klingon; Mr. Spock is fine
Big as Calvin - some can't deal with my Klein I'ma tell in a rhyme, the stores are stocked up Ready for distribution, pro manufacturing, I sell in a rhyme Plastic around my CD's fit in D-cups Bras on double D's I move like a doc this time In permanent position, move you out the spot this time I hate to tell you man you're not hot this time Beans won't cook in the frying pan right man
Put the hot dog on the grill, though that fell Don't tell Gunt about the new dance called the Elephant Front With Kelly the smut, the bellies we hunt The Pac Bell phone, the cellies we want She stood up, don't tell me this cunt Football's back, a kick and a punt On planes I kick and I jump Kool-Aid, pump the cherry fully loaded like Herby hit bumps
They howl on that Burberry, surroundin that turkey Too cold to go slow down the street eatin coleslaw In a Barney suit, I see him gettin harassed and stopped by the po-po His lyrics can't get up to a certain height They come back down the hill, I tell him, I won't go Yeah, his lyrics gave up on him They went up the hill, came back down It was too steep to try to make it
Yeah, I used to come on the block, and many girls would jock Trojans and rubbers on dashboards, and lips that get hot Dangle, brother sippin E&J tango Suckers how you flex too, standin right next to Freaks takin X too, nah nah nahh Blast speakers in your car, roll down the street with Big Pete With heat, four double-R's compete Tracks behind you bass backin you, all girls down for you
Suckers get clowned for you, I drop pounds for you Sound for you, rock'n'roll around for you Cadillac El Dorado's, pushin models Bald head shine, leather jacket like Rollo's Cadillac El Dorado's, pushin models Walk through the door, Maury shoes on the floor Alligators for players, droppin lines for sayers Brothers only see favors, transportin the fort
The biggest case in the court, counter-actin butt-smackin Game plans you kinda lackin with Stetson hats, combats We went with baseball bats, walk in studio with tapes and DATs Leave you standin on doormats, next to cats and dead rats Alphabetical order, A to Z clientele 3-D You can't see me smokin beadies sippin Riunite on ice I'm nice, that's right kid pay the price Pay the price..
You know I'm the type of guy to piss And throw shit in your face if you're the right person I don't give a fuck if your name is Tony Gerson Ultimately figure the champion Figure express shit, the best shit You tess shit, caress shit Talk more higher, than less shit You really workin that East and West with the juice
See if you can get the meaning We gonna go real far Watch this I'm steppin' in this place like it's all right I got my partners with me, yep we feelin' all right I got my woman with me, yup she lookin' all right I started liftin' up, felt my spirit driftin' up What's goin' on? The Jeep is gone and everything's all white
Huh? What? Where? Who? What? Whattyathinkinabout When who says what when how You can't maybe follow my style You be the child, I be the teacher Smile, who said when, what Mouth not shut, what? Whenever however whenever
Whatever the cut How you maybe could you ever Believe, that you could so quickly achieve These crafts, please laugh at his stupid ass Upon your knees in glass You lust, for everything but trust So we bust back, with conciously charged art With a mic instead of a brush
Listen.. Yes, us must trust us, who? Us must trust Not fuss with us, us must trust us discuss trusting us Us must trust us, who? Us must trust Not fuss with us, us must trust us discuss thus trusting us Trusting us, us must trust discuss Discuss not trusting us must not fuss Us with us means us discussing trusting us
Aiyyo what's goin on this is Minister Server Now you've been readin the books, seein the lectures Hearin the CD's watchin the tapes Now's the time for you to get rid of your fears Aiyyo teacher tell 'em what's going on You see me man, it don't take much to be me man I just stay extra focused on the G-O-D in me man Hip-Hop is not a product to be bought and sold
Up and down, up and down we go Beatminerz on the track, I'm conducting the flow Reverse flow, you get wolf if you didn't know I keep on the low and I reap what I sow When it's time for the concert I creep in the show Sometimes I walk in off the street to the show Grab the microphone, bring the heat to the show All the doors are shut till you reaching for dough
But if everything's for sale then he is a ho And if everything's for sale then she is a ho I do things freely, I don't believe in the dough Up and down, up and down we go Mr. Walt, Evil Dee, KRS on the flow Any time, any place--rhymes ready to go Never starving, we go, never crawling for dough We that orthodox Hip Hop that all of you know
Man I lived through the ballers, they ain't balling no mo' The arenas, the theaters ain't calling no mo' Them cats now thinkin', "Yo, what was it all for?" Twenty platinum plaques, you still can't tour All over the radio, you still can't draw Now listen back to your lyrics, what was that all for? When you had the opportunity you could've spit it raw But instead wanted head from the lips of all these whores
Now you fifty-four and you don't spit it no more Your jams in the clubs, they don't rip it no more Head in the bed, you don't get it no more That's when you see KRS is on tour After a two-hour show, he's spitting one more! Yo, let me show you what a legend is I rhyme as KRS; Krazy Rhyme Stylist You better keep your eye on this, ain't none higher than this
These clubs don't stop hiring Kris Time for the light to shine Too many rappers rapping and they even fight for the right to rhyme I'm nice with mine, I'm precise with mine As you can see I don't need ice to rhyme You a biter, I don't even like your kind The rhyme you spitting now might be mine Yo, what they doing here if they don't like to rhyme?
That's the conciousness of hip-hop You are not just doing hip-hop, you ARE hip-hop You are not just reading the word of God, you ARE the word of God I will make it I will make it! For me, what you see is what you get in these days I'm so hungry you can throw my dinner right on the stage You can bite down on my rage, bite down on my anticipation
With no doubt or hesitation, repeat this affirmation Not I wanna make it In fact, we've made it Every time we state and believe it we create it For me, I ain't askin I ain't beggin I ain't pleadin In a positive direction my lifestyle I'm leadin I'm readin about ways of achievin what I'm believin Straight into knowledge of self, countin up millions
The beat is droppin' and Lakim's rockin' A lyrical landslide, my status is strong form My days of rhymin' old school are long gone You better watch it when I get to the vital stage Rhymes'll come crashin' down like a tidal wave You a path of destruction, it caused an eruption 'Cause Lakim was lustin' For a low-down, low-life lame brain with the same
Gameplan, I can't stand 'cause it's too plain You need to slow your roll and switch your pitch It's time for Lak to rip, so prepare for this I'm cool and smooth, this is what Lak means Rhymes are sometimes referred to as whipped cream Give me a def kick, give me a hype snare Mark give me a hi-hat for those that bite Here's a chunk of funk for you to nibble on
This is a rain rap shower, so I'mma drizzle on Those who chose to oppose the way the Lak flows 'Cause only those with the given gift knows You gotta be nice, real hard, real hype Have a real type of lyrics to present to the crowd But when it's time to flow they will all know That Lak Shabazz is black and I'm proud I'm black and I'm proud
I know two girls that done did it before But I wonder if they know that we did it before If the other girl know that we did it before Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know That we did it before yeah we did it before Shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know That we did it before yeah we did it before Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before
Okay, put your hands up if you did it before Now your girl lookin' at you cause she didn't hell know And now everybody sayin' that you did it before And you know that's because they probably did it before Cause if they did it before it would be different though I wonder if Tammy knows, that I did it before With Nisa, I wonder if she didn't hell know That we did it before I know they did it before
The day we did it but oh, if they did it before And we did it before, we can get it fa' sho Cause if she with it, I know she should be with it fa' sho I'm a tear that pussy up, like I didn't before And after I did it they be history though When I see em I act like I didn't hell know That we did it before like we didn't before But we did it before, hehe
Okay I know two girls that done did it before But I wonder if they know that we did it before If the other girl know that we did it before Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before Yeah, so if you did it before, be a pro You gotta act like you didn't before And everytime I meet a girl
They say that she didn't before You know I gotta act like I never did it before But she would be dumb if she didn't hell know Cause I did it before and she will be dumb If she think that I didn't, hell know That she did it before, she probablly didn't go low So we did it some more and we did it some more Like Busta Rhymes said, she holla "give me some more"
So we did it some more, yeah, we did it til' four And I was probably butt naked just twistin' an O Then I call my homies up, kick the shit how it go And I know they gon' laugh cause they did it before Okay, a lot of folks don't like to say they did it before Wishin' that everybody didn't hell know That they did it before, like if they did it'd be low Or if they did it with more, than one, or did it for dough
Well if you didn't, then so, be cool with it and flow And just rock with everybody, that done did it before I know I did it before, you know you did it before How come you ain't with it now, but you was with it before Oh, that's your best friend, yeah, ya'll kick it I know Ya'll probablly did it before, she probably licked it before Like it was liquid before, yeah, I can vision you both Like I done did it before cause I done did it before
Thought that I had lost you I can hardly make a sound When I thought I couldn't hold you Knew the world had let me down Should have took the time to tell you You keep my feet on the ground I hope that you can hear me Cause I know its not profound
I just need you around When I thought I was without you I got used to being down It was my fault I used to doubt you But that ain't me next time around Please believe me when I tell you Cause all my words are bound This is my cross now let me bare it
Um, I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you, girl And you won't never have to worry about me, as long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel and Stay truthful to me and never lie to me And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter... Know what I mean... yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain Listen I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel Stay truthful to me and never lie to me
And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever You know what I mean yeah Well if you don't then I'll explain You could be Mrs. Wayne And we could do the damn thang Had to tell my brother Maine I met a girl like you And I ain't never met another girl like you But I know what to do with a girl like you, I do
I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute And hit every man that you ever knew And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel And stay true for me and never lie to me And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever You know what I mean yeah See I'd give up the game
At the top of the arena there's a jersey with my name, baby What's happening baby? What's happening baby? I know you need to roll with a champion baby And stay true for me and never lie to me Uhh, yeah, uhh, yeah-uhh, see cause I ain't the kind that kiss and tell But my man say that he really know you well But I don't care, I wanna know you for my damn self
Yeah, and even though Stunna say you scandalous And you're known to go from one man to the next I don't care what he say, no I don't care what he say Because, they can say what they want girl But they will never change my views Cause they would never know you the way that I know you And I'm trying to share to rest of my whole life with you And if it gotta be a down, so be it baby
Who make baby daddies don't even want no baby daddy Feel this nigga. Lil Boosie. Check dis outt Baby momma baby momma I'm tired of you I'm to the point where I wanna fire you You play the games that a child will do When you need to do the things that a mama do And she gon love me better
Fuck me better warm me up up in the coldest weather She bout whatever you heard me Baby momma baby momma I trusted you It was so good I left it in when I made love to you I'm askin Why you cryin girl? Why you be lyin girl? Why you won't shine girl?
Im askin Why you have a baby? Just to drive me crazy? Why you be actin shady? But you won't put a child on child support And you don't even want my child to know That it ain't daddy it's his mama who wildin' tho To slow my role but behind you I'm catchin' felonies
Where the love done went? Don't wanna leave you cuz I love ya scent The names I call you ain't really meant But I'm tired of all these fightin's and arguments Besides we grown not no mo teenagers So you can stop playin them games tryna check my pager You need to get ya mind right if not I'll see you later You posed to take my side but you listen to the hatas
Why you cryin girl? Why you be lyin girl? Why you won't shine girl? Why you have a baby? Just to drive me crazy? Why you be actin shady? You tryna get back on my team Cause you heard I had a major plug on prementhazime bitch please
Baby momma look what I did for you I took you places that you never knew I bought you any kind of tennis shoe If I thought I wouldn't gon make it I'll finish you Baby momma you missin me I know you miss how you was kissin me It's sad to say that you a friend of me Yea this for them baby momma's who put a nigga on child support
But just don't know they'll get more without child support You know what I'm sayin and that gotta stop You know what I'm sayin It ain't that I'mma try to make it I'mma put it on yo head Y'all hoes wrong for that shit man let a nigga live ya heard me You can't stop me dat's how it is now Baby momma I done blew up now Got a ho she some true love now
I blow by in the Benz wit the O eyes I low-ride, cuz these 20 inch rims just make it so hot You know I, been had Twinkie, look at the pinky And the link be all the way down to the nuts, diamonds twinklin' They think you need to stop they say it's not called for It's such a small car, but cost more than a ballpark See my life is high priced, a lot a room a lot a bling My ice is like Andrew Dice "Ba-Da-Boom, Ba-Da-Bing"
You'll probably see me flying in a Lamborghini Wit your girl right beside me in a tan bikini Cut the music down and tell her, "hey ya man's a weenie" Plus I'm hot and got more iceberg than damn Bananeeie And I'm just a teenager and I make this dough Pull out my bankcard and Bill Gates feel broke And I keep it on a hush but I'm richer than normal And a frost bit wrist, have me sniffin and coughin
You know me, pistol on my side fully loaded I drive slowly, wit televisions watching Kobe Pull over by some broad; make her hop right in a blow me And suck a nigga drive, then its, "slut get out my ride" Have you heard about, shorty be Iceberged out Got them birds real affordable, so get the word out And you still can see the grill wit the lights burn out Nothin' lil' about the wheels on my bright orange drop
I'm thuggin and pimped out, flossin and glissed out Sit my arm in warm water, I'm thawin my wrist out Got quarters in this house, ki's in that van Got ounces in her ride, and G's in that bag Shhh, You hear that, here come Weezy on his way in a platinum leer jet We gamblin' nigga bet, bet nigga disrespect and he get dampled and wet Whole goddamn family get trampled wit that I make 'em:
Alright I bounce for the 17 and jump for the Grover Just put TV's and bump in the Rover Slump the bitch over, cum on her shoulder Bet I make the slut eat it up like yogurt Wrists is ferocious, dick is just bogus Fuck a ho watch she come back like a chorus Like one named Deloris met her in a taurus She like to snort coke, you should see the size her nose is
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference If that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me As long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind, speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean Well if you don't then I'll explain You can be my Mrs. Wayne We can do the damn thing You see I had to tell my nigga Lil' Boo I met a girl like you Cause I ain't never met another girl like you But I know what to do wit a girl like you
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference If that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me As long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind, speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean Well if you don't then I'll explain, I'll give up the game At the top of the arena there's my jersey wit my name What's happening baby, what's happening baby You know you need to roll wit a champion baby Any time I see ya I get asthma baby Like fo real though baby girl you ain't gotta keep no secrets it's just me and you
You gotta keep it real Your pussy like a drug to me You got me fiending If I could sing, if I could sing Damn baby if only I could sing Help me out lil' bra I love it baby I love it baby
Don't you know I love it baby See they can say what they want girl But they'd never change my views Cause they will never know you the way that I know you You see I'm tryna spend the rest of my whole life with you girl And if we gotta be alone so be it baby Alright, alright, alright Say roll out baby
Blinded, Blinded You see my chain glow, follow that rainbow I can put bangles around yo ashy ankles I hope you get the picture, like Kinko's That I love you overall, like paint clothes Baby, Wayne knows what you like Now baby gon' shine, cause you bright And me plus you equals too bright
Music up please One, two, three... Born and raised in the USA By way of New Orleans where the killers stay Okay... uh, uh, alright, yeah Born and raised in the USA Where the government's watching what you do and say Hey, hey, ha ha, alright
Well I'mma tell you this story 'bout a nigga with glory Yeah I come from piss poor, and now I live in six story houses Now how's this? Ha! Listenin to my own voice in my black Rolls Royce Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses I take off my trousers, yeah! And you don't know nothing about this I'm a dope boy with a guitar
Hey daddy can you let me Ride with the band in the back seat Ridin with the dope boy Tell them if they're lookin for me I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy Dope boy with a guitar... By way of New Orleans where the killers stay But that's okay, yeah, that's alright, yes!
I'm loved and praised in the USA My ancestors were slaves in the USA But not today, it's alright Yeah, come on! Oh I'm a dope boy with a guitar Hey daddy can you let me Ride with the band in the back seat Ridin with the dope boy
Tell them if they're lookin for me I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy Bridge!! Born and raised in the USA Where my president is B-L-A-C-K Where my president is B-L-A-C-K I was born and raised in the USA And all I wanna do is play So turn me up
I'm just tryin to get my own, I'm up early in the mo'nin Gettin it by all means, gotta get this dough Oh oh oh But everytime I look over my shoulder I see you and all your hatin hatin homies all up all up In my zone oh no oh no oh no And your haten haten hommies all up in my zone Come on man, hey!
What the fuck you lookin' at me for?! You wanna do somethin'? Do something! I say fuck you Get a life Man I got too much shit on my head To have to deal with all of you Of you of you of you
I say, fuck you Get a life Man I got too much shit on my head To have to deal with all of you Of you of you of you I say fuck youuuuuuuuu... Listen baby! You've got it goin on
Your girlfriends say I ain't the one They hate it when I call you up I hear 'em in the backround on your phone Oh no ah-oh oh What you don't know about 'em baby When you not around 'em baby Hidin in the bushes of my home Oh oh ah-oh
Listen girl! You tired of your motherfuckin friends Hatin on your motherfuckin nigga everytime he call They's a bunch of motherfuckin haters Fuck them boo! I say fuck youuuuuuuuu... All I can say is get a life Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Yes 'sa You know I'm Weezy Wee the boy I got Apple and Eagle boy Packin' them heaters boy Mami like, boy, I move so quik I'm the good dick boy, so slick Boys so click wit' my boy I'mma stick wit' my boy
That my- boy boy boy boy Hey Maunderin' this young Wayne, mami you know the game You know ta give me brainz, til you make your boy range Go try another boy You gatta suck ya boy get a Mack Not a man baby, ya understand baby See me the boy Me and that fifi boy
Ya, not from the Magnolia, but the bar Soljah Y'al sippin' that Belvi boy Step it up boy Ya know whats in my cup boy, purple stuff oh boy She knows how it go, I'ont love them hoes I'm keepin' it gutta' boy Gangstaz in my blood, I'ma thug it til my hole is dug Boy I'm bustin' it for my boy
Who want it wit' the team scream boy boy boy boy Who sayin' Weezy Wee, not a muh'fuckin' livin' An as long as they still sniffin', I'm gifted Aiy Aiy I'm not a lil' boy Look at my fuckin' wheels, Check the size of my shoes I'm ridin' on my heels boy This shit is real boy Fee, ya gatta feel ya boy boy boy boy
Got my back against the wall but I did not fall 'cuz these niggas get on ya if you ain't got balls But I can't play the hard road I gotta stick to the strip and count my pesos You always told me that my daddy wasn't ever shit He put his hands on ya plus he always yellin BITCH And thats the reason why I hate his ass 'till this day Didn't grow no love for him 'till the 10th grade I gotta tell ya that you did a good fuckin' job
And 'till this very day I really ain't got no prob Dear Mama Dear Mama, I been goin' through some thangs baby Dear Mama, I been goin' through some thangs baby Dear Mama, I been goin' through some thangs baby And got that attitude like I don't give a fuck They call me lunasicc but names ain't a dam thang I give it all up for you fuck this rap game But I bet I did some shit that you don't know
So bear wit me when I cuss you out some day I gotta leave cuz my pride won't let me stay Fuck a bitch that's a lesson that was taught well Dont fuck wit 'em if the hoe ain't got mail That's why I love you and I try ta tell you everyday I'm your son and I take your love anyway Dear Mama Dear Mama, I been goin' through some thangs baby Dear Mama, your little boy growed up cool
Even though I didn't graduate from Bank High School I had to run wit O.G.'s thinkin' just like me Ain't nothin but the D Game and endless Ki's Sleepin in and out of motels stackin my mail Wasn't worried bout the letters I recieve in jail I give thanks mama, To all of lifes trauma I had to let you know Coleone love mama Daddy gave me female game that remains real cool
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust? Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust? My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go Now how the hell do you explain, my claim to fame? From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block They ask me how I'm livin?
I'm a hustler, buckin' busters 'til they die Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard? Niggas got they AKs headin' for the 'burbs Aimin' at them skin head bitches let it rain Givin' 'em a wet welcome to the house of pain House of pain , house of pain, house of pain Yo, I'm hunting down this nigga and he knows so he's stressin' He better count his blessings, and get ready for this lesson
'Cause Stretch about to teach him, when I reach him with the MAC And lay that ass down on this motherfuckin' back, jack Make way, the nigga paid me the other day I'm walking with my son, and the nigga had somethin' to say Hey, the nigga tried to diss, boy, he got it twisted He should've watch Americans Most, I'm listed For killin' mothafuckers like him So I'ma bring him to the House of Pain and kill him with a grin
Flim-flam, goddamn, I'm not the one Before I'ma choke him and smoke him I'ma smack him with my fuckin' gun Son you've made your last mistake and I don't know your name The country bud got me chokin' I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin' Yeah, that sick nigga Biggie with the 8 shot fifth With the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that killing is thrilling? All the blood spilling is all a part of drug dealing A born gangster, my daddy was a thug Had a .38 with the hollow point slug So when he licked shots, niggas dropped Quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor A little nigga tryna squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's, huh
Woman you know just how I feel You try to tell me that you don't know When I know you know the deal Woman you know I love you Woman you know I care... Hey You try to say I'm running game
You try to say baby you don't play fair Oh darling If there is any doubt in your mind I want you to be sure... Heeeey If you don't ever see me again I want you to be sure That I love you
Oh girl Oh baby I love you Darling I love you... Hey Oh darling I love you... Oh baby You got to understand how I feel You need to understand where I'm coming from
Ain't no need to be afraid Ain't no need to get up and run Oh darling Oh girl you know I love you You know I know I love you Oh baby If you never see me again I need you to be sure
From this moment right now Till for ever more Said I love you Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love You, love you, love you, love you... Babyyyy Woman I love you Woman I love you
Ayo, check it out, it's God's Son I know I always give you clowns a little lane to come out 'Cause I drop every two years, but it's over now, you know? Hah The G-O-D S-O-N K-I-N-G O-F N-Y-C That's me The G-O-D S-O-N K-I-N-G O-F N-Y-C
That's me Is it because I got the city on smash now The INC got him signed It's only a figment of your imagination Went to way with New York's Hot radio station Lost my patience, had to Zone Out Rappers blown out, I have the throne now The real shall reign, I feel your pain
You too R&B, follow me, spell my name Is it because I got the city on smash now Pardon, I'm hardly a bully But what y'all done to hip hop is scary Nas'll be truly the, last soldier to roll with Holdin it down, my proteges are over with now A producer like Swizz Beatz, on fire So is the control room, soon as my vocals are down
Eh bwoy Go labbajuice Watch ya Check it! Boom You nah mean? Mi dip out a whole fourteen, nah mean And reload man extra magazine, nah mean And wounded them housing scheme, nah mean
Open up your facial like your boy Roy in his prime Eat food, dinnertime, Jr. Gong pass the Guinness Handle business, black Velvet sippers Females never bid us farewell, they with us 'Cause we arrive on the scene just like a high beam, nah mean Don't let us have to make the 9 scream, nah mean At your racial policin' regime, nah mean In a casino or a yacht, wherever I'm seen
My brothers and sisters are never forgot, nah mean Don't wanna hear another soldier drop, nah mean Another dope addict get shot with the morphine And Feds are indictin' my block, nah mean They're wearin' red from they shoes to they top, nah mean I'm wishin' that all the violence would stop, nah mean? Yo, yo, Mr. President What you doin' for my residents?
Yo, Mr. Minister Why you bein' sinister, hey? Yo, yo, Mr. President What you doin' for my residents? Yo, Mr. Minister Why you bein' sinister? Say man a di real Buffalo inna Rastafari regime Bush Bungalow is where mi dwell with mi queen
Trash to the bone down inna camouflage green Nuff a dem that can't go the places we been Nuff a dem that can't see the sights that we seen That's why them face all a twist up and a lean, nah mean Dem better mind we kick it off clean, nah mean Man a gangster just like Gambin', dat mean Run out a breath and antihistamine Wash over gold dem come in like Listerine
Now this is you, dressed in all black, fatigue hat, ready for combat A good nigga, you don't leave tracks A hood nigga wantin' G-stacks, do what you gotta do to get that You feel you need that, where the juxs at? These are your niggas, creepin' they be leavin' niggas sleep witchu Loc' style, quiet no smile, it's the official Sometime they grimy, speakin' on they own people They snake you if they have to, raised tattoos
Now these are your bitches, phonin' lonely homie chickens All the homies stick 'em, you think you own 'em man, listen She stab you in your sleep with a knife from out the kitchen Put a root on you, next week they find you missin' Dead in your Expedition in the forest, fell off the cliff and Tumbled 'til you blew up, Feds told her and she threw up Fake bitches, actresses, wicked witch practices Two sides of us, negative and positive
Now this is your mom, your good luck charm Pushin you to do no wrong, prayin for you that you live long Nobody kill my baby, but she know her baby crazy In and out of jail, mom's screamin', "God take me!" This is your pop, chip off the old block that made him The man of the house, mom and pops separatin' Spittin' image of a gangsta, the way pop walked The way pop talked, got older and you thanked him now
This is your hood, poor folks drugs and robberies Turnin' into the things moms wanted you not to be Crime followin' the wrong dudes who have no values Life's cheap as the dime in the minds of those around you This is the test, the stress, the conflict the ups and downs of Niggas around you make threats They tell you keep it gangsta, no matter the predicament Even though your decision won't help you benefit
Bitches, money and guns, aimin' and you fire Everyday is grief, if it ain't beef, it's feedin' your seed Tryin' to eat? You form material needs The weed make your brain sizzle, a pistol make it cool off By stickin' up niggas, make them take they jewels off His reputation is, bigger than his whole life span He never planned to fail, he just failed to plan What does it take to realize, Satan's alive, he whispers
And any chance he get, he can take niggas He comes in all shapes and sizes, his best disguise is When he stand beside us, but God is inside us, within me You are your worst enemy - my mom's words echo in my head And if I let go I'm dead He stepped at my door, the takes motivate my spirit An out of body experience, so now I feel it Lookin' at my blessings, the bullets - that missed me coulda hit me
There's a man who live the life of danger To everyone he meets stays as stranger With every move he makes, another chance he takes Odds are he won't live to see tomorrow He's secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name
Secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks how he talks how he lays the plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name Beware of pretty faces that you find A pretty face can hide an evil mind Be careful what you say, or you'll give yourself away Odds are you won't live to see tomorrow
Agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan They gave him a number and took away his name He's secret agent man, amazing man Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, Secret agent man, amazing man Swinging in the Riviera one day Then laying in the Bombay alley the next day
Oh no, who let the wrong word slip While kissing them persuasive lips The odds are I won't live to see tomorrow I'm secret agent man, amazing man How I walk and talk and lays my plan Agent man advance the game They give you a number then take your name He's the, agent man, amazing man
Nashawn! 'Write Your Name across the Sky' Bravehearts! Nashawn! Uh, for my name these niggas'll die It's only one name write mines across the sky I gave Cheeba to escape all the true lies I blow the smoke and lye
See the cloud spell my name in the sky It's Nashawn!, dippin' in the lambo, Rambo, Commando Slugs that he can't handle, he a clown Costume jury down Play the part in the movie he think he Out-po Bitch! Bravehearts! If I killed one of these rappers, somebody'll snitch
I ain't gon' hit 'em wit one I put the whole Clip, .4/.5th's so sick Head split hoe-less I'm here to write my name to boldness If you fuck 'Cam bitch let me know this Cuz I think he got A.I.D.S, full blown kid Jenny Jones don't wanna split whole Wig Nashawn put the Murder Game down
Slugs in his Pink fitted, Coward! Wit a Spray can and Red paint, I ain't goin' nowhere Been through it, Nashawn all across the Hemisphere Spit Coffins, live off it, all these dead Corpses Rappers rift talkin' shit, I'mma take 'em off this Wit not problem, I'mma get mine Leave a nigga 3-piece suit, shoes spit shine Spit .9, holdin' his chest, grabbin' his chin
I'mma put this fake rap beef to an end Say Somethin'! Hands Up! - my gun is on his forehead His man stuck, leave it to me they all dead Nash - command demand I go in his Pocket Hit his jaw wit the side of the Glock, it's poppin' Snatch watch off chain Yach, hard as possible You Roc-A-Fella nigga rock you
There's already too many men in the moment of silence Too many with handkerchiefs, too many wreaths Because there's not enough indians and too many chiefs Cause there's, too many tears, and too many sides In the thought we was all created equal Too much, for too many people And if things don't change there won't be no sequel There's, too many enemies, not too many friends
Too many poor people, without too many ends Too many politicians runnin, with too many crooks Too many single black mothers raisin too many kids, alone Too much sicknesses and too much disease Too many genocidal blacks, too many degrees of seperation Causin too much strife Too many things known in the ghetto that can take your life It's too much, for too many people
In the thought we was all created equal And if things don't change there won't be no sequel There's, too much pop and not enough soul Too many things we create but we don't control Too many people walkin round, with not enough hope Too much crack, and way too much DOPE Too many fathers not around, to raise their children Too many empty lots and abandoned buildings
Too many jails bein built and not enough schools Too many rappers ain't droppin no jewels! Too much negativity, in the things we say And not enough about showin us a better way Too many young black soldiers, in too many graves Too many of us still thinkin like slaves! Time to break the chains and the ties that bind And elevate ourselves to a, greater state of mind
The King of the ring, cause y'all niggas be swingin the sting I'm doin my thing, you only worth TWO of my rings It's you and my team, at war for tryin to ruin my reign Imagine a thought of that It's Motown, it's where this black music shit started at All I did was brought it back Get it right, I'm over your block and I must succeed I don't know how much you need, but it's more than you got
These niggas rippin and robbin with the fifth in the closet Cause y'all niggas ignorant logic got you slippin and dodgin We bring to a violent halt whatever beef we have I hate losing, so you'll probably never see me mad Just here to rewind it back to where time had begun It's the size of the gun, the trigger and the nigga behind it I'm the King of the throne, I stood up to sing you a song To get the platinum plaques back to the city, bring it home
All I need's a second to talk to get my message across Out-of-towners come to Detroit with all they mens And that's a gamble, you know the house always wins I'm the savior of rap, y'all wanna be like the third verse missed Street this, thug that - rhymin my life in first-person You could never rise, no matter how high it seems I'm the man with a eye, in the land of the blind of Kings Trust this, no one could touch this - the difference is
The average nigga brings it to jail, that's why I bring it to justice My shit be well-thought out, y'all niggas just writin a rhyme That's why most of the time you bitin a rhyme I'm simple and plain, quick to speak a nigga in vain Cause niggas done changed, it's very few niggas with brain Speak from your heart, and I aim for your chest, I'm done wit it Y'all rap niggas want your respect? Then come get it Ain't nothin but stand by to get killed niggas - what!
That's why kids in trench coats shoot up they schools And parents out live they kids And sex, the thing that bring life also take it away When you say this is a wonderful world, ha-ha-ha-ha I've seen trees of green, red roses too And I think to myself What a wonderful world I've seen skys of blue and clouds of white
The bright blessed day The dark sacred night And I think to myself What are wonderful world The colors of the rainbow so pretty in the sky Are also on the faces of people going by I've seen friends shaking hands Sayin' How do you do?
All I know is pain, all I seen is death Couple homies and brother gone, when I'm gon' step I ain't suicidal, damn, my brain need rest Think about my childhood, pain in my chest Past is the past, future ain't great All right in the hood, when any day could be my last Pop something back, they wanna sue me for my math Hawk some back, they wanna sue me for my math
Hard bein a gangsta rapper, you don't know the half You ain't got to condone it but you was never homeless And you ain't never fast, so you don't know the wrath To taking a long walk, down the wrong path I did it in vain, that's why I'm tryna change Live for my seeds but the game ain't change Only the strong survive, I will maintain All I know is pain, all I get is pain
All I give is pain, all I live is pain Only thing I know is mad years in the game All I know is pain, all I get is pain All I give is pain, all I live is pain Only thing I know is mad years in the game What you know about pain? Blood, sweat and tears where I'm standing in the rain If I don't blow Mary Jane, I'm going insane
Before I had a car, I was in the fast lane Drugdealing stick up kid for the neck game, a lot that I regret But I made it as a rapper, and it's not what I expect For a fact, this business is more crooked The boys'll sell they souls to the devil, the Lord looking See in you hell just in case that we all cooking I got sins too, lot of foul shit that I been through The world is God house, I'm just a window pane
Tryna maintain up to the end, yo All I know is pain, I feel so drained Rap niggas is insane, they on Procaine What they call hot, I would call so lame They don't care about the art, and they show no shame If you ain't getting spins, then you ain't gon' win But if you came from the bottom, you should stay going in The Ghost don't make it then the Phantom gon' win
Ghost, c'mon I wanna roll somethin' up so I-I can just Blow my mind I wanna blow my mind Blow my mind You should roll somethin' up so you can just, um Blow your mind You should just blow your mind
Blow your mind Mind blown and I'm tore down Still blow an ounce and a half, even more now Yeah, put your lighters in the air, light it up in here Yeah, put it in the air, see if I'ma fuckin' care You should find out I came to blow my mind out Pass it and you drop it, I'ma put you on time out Like Joe Frazier I'm smokin' mid-ring, got me open
In the tub, but it feel like the ocean I swear to God I be floatin' And I don't need a car to be coastin', you could say that I'm boastin' But this is S.P., and I know my time When I hear "showtime", I'ma blow my mind I wanna roll somethin' up so I-I can just I wanna blow my mind You should roll somethin' up so you can just, um
You should just blow your mind The black hippie, the sack with me, the lighter, too I have dreams of Amsterdam every night or two I feel good, the sky couldn't be a brighter blue Sun lookin' like a tangerine You got green and it's mean, brother, hit me like a tambourine I need a minute to myself, second to myself Pass the Dutchie on the left, whoever's suckin' on the L
I'ma need candy 'cause I know my breath is gon' smell I don't get sleep, but some good restin' off a L Mind blown, time fly, time's gone Missed my exit on the highway, I ride on Roll another one, get in my good time zone I'm gone, the 'gnac and the wine gone Eyes look sewn shut, but what? I'm grown Over twenty-one, come over to my zone
Lovin' the smell, feelin' the texture And we got a whole lot, but we still gettin' extra Guess what's on the menu for breakfast Roll with the Ghost if you wanna get messed up I mean just get blown away You know, do what you do Bungee jump or somethin', speed in the car Do whatever blows your mind away
I pray to the Lord, my soul to keep And if I should die, before I wake I pray to the Lord, my soul to take For goodness' sake Before I sleep I pray to the Lord, my soul to keep And if I should die, before I wake I pray to the Lord, my soul to take
For goodness' sake And I know there's only one me But I hope I am everything my son be I'm tryin' live right, stay on the drum beat But I'm in the fast lane, in the front seat I wonder will I lose control of the Maserati And hit some tree, just being young me? Is there a heaven for G's and soldiers?
I can't go to hell, 'cause I'd take over I feel it approaching, but I ain't scared I made that bed and I should rest in peace Yeah, and every time I see the sunshine I drop down and give thanks at least one time Feeling like I'm living on the front line I'm feeling like every second is crunch time I've had breakfast, will I make it to lunchtime?
And I ain't joking so don't be looking for punchlines Will I be the next victim of a gun crime? I don't know the answer, that's why I brung mine Riding by myself late at night Yeah, I made my bed right, so when I do I should sleep tight In peace I rest I can only do me, so that's what I did And I cherish every breath of my kid
And I don't want to go before she grow, that ain't cool But in this game of life, I don't make the rules Shit, so that's why I get twisted So I can't feel it when it hits me And my moms don't need that on her But I see death around the corner And if he so happens to make his way around the block You gotta answer the door when he knock, believe that
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life? Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life? Dear Anne, my number one fan I write with the light from the lamp on my night stand With my pen in my right hand and that's also my mic hand Codeine in a Sprite can, ink on the white pad And I'm thinking of life, Anne, and wrong and right, Anne
And sometimes I'm right and sometimes I might Cannot find the light still my rhymes are bright So I continue my plan and I'm sure like white sand That they'll be price paying before my flight land But still, I want to see more than my sight can Adore so I can't ignore what I want anymore So I just go you can call me the goer And oh, yeah, I got a girl, she act like I owe her
But I really hope I'm not starting to bore, page one Dear Anne, my number one fan I write you this letter, I hope everything's grand I hope everyone's good, I hope everybody's praying I hope, hold up baby, let me switch hands See, lately I've been dealing with a lot of shit, Anne It's burning me and I can't get out of this pan And everytime I look there's a problem with this man
But I ain't tryna expose, I'm just tryna expand But your support held me up like kickstands And I'm also being more careful in how I pick friends Anne, I'm trying to stay up out them chicks' pants... but I just can't But on another note, this ain't just another note This is more than a rap, this is more of an oath And I know you're wondering what this letter is for And I'm just hoping that you read this far, page two
By now, you probably think that I'm portraying who I'm saying And sometimes I wish I wasn't him but I am And it's people like you that make me proud of what I am Hey, you are the shit, damn, pardon the gram' It's a jungle out there, lions, horses and rams Shit, as I sit and wait for the war to begin I just think of you then I'm rewarded again, Anne With you is where my artistry can, Anne
Such a sexy, sexy pretty little thing Fierce nipple pierce, you got me sprung with your tongue ring And I ain't gonna lie 'cause your loving gets me high So to keep you by my side, there's nothing that I won't try Butterflies in her eyes and looks to kill Time is passin', I'm askin', "Could this be real?" 'Cause I can't sleep, I can't hold still You're always there to lift me up when these times get rough
I was lost, now I'm found ever since you've been around You're the woman that I want, so yo, I'm puttin' it down Come my lady, you're my pretty baby I don't deserve you unless it's some kind of hidden message To show me life is precious, then I guess it's true But to tell truth, I really never knew 'til I met you See I was lost and confused, twisted and used up Knew a better life existed, but thought that I missed it
My lifestyle's wild, I was livin' like a wild child Trapped on a short leash paroled the police files So yo, what's happenin' now? I see the sun breakin' down into dark clouds And a vision of you standin' out in a crowd, so Girl, it's me and you like Sid and Nancy So sexy, almost evil Talkin' 'bout butterflies in my head
I used to think that happy endings were only in the books I read But you made me feel alive when I was almost dead You filled that empty space with the love I used to chase And as far as I can see it don't get better than this So butterfly, here is a song and it's sealed with a kiss And a thank you, miss Come and dance with me Come and dance with me
Simmer down, simmer down now, let's take some time to finish dinner for you wild out You've been flashing and sarcasm for a while now I tried to ignore it in a moment I'm going wild out But not now, cause I ain't in the mood for attitudes I can multi-task my ass out but I can't manage you You all see and now I see there ain't no catching you So I don't chaste you, I replace you and imagine you But I ain't mad at you, this the way you always been
I used to beat around the bush but now I'm going in You got a problem keep the peace but I ain't no within That's when you lay beneath my trees and get to know my wind You knew me then but now you always got a problem tho If I'm too much to handle maybe you should let it go You holding on to that girls like it's gonna take you home And I hope they do cause if not be going home alone Just thought I'd make it known
It's too late to be arguing baby Please don't make me get started baby I just wanna be off it, baby, I'm off it, I'm off it, baby I mean what difference do we make I got this bad from If you ain't buying tell me what you asking questions for? Since I'm no liar I will show you really wanna know Cause I can tell you but be careful cause the truth hurts And if you trying catch a broken heart the truth works
Simmer down, simmer down now, let's take some time to finish dinner for you wild out You've been flashing and sarcasm for a while now I tried to ignore it in a moment I'm going wild out But not now, cause I ain't in the mood for attitudes I multi-task my ass out but I can manage you You all see and now I see there ain't no catching you So I don't taste you, I replace you and imagine you But I ain't mad at you, this the way you always been
I used to beat around the bush but now I'm going in You got a problem keep the peace but I ain't no within That's when you lay beneath my trees and get to know my wind You knew me then but now you always got a problem tho If I'm too much to handle maybe you should let it go You holding on to that girls like it's gonna take you home And I hope they do cause if not be going home alone Just thought I'd make it known
It's too late to be arguing baby Please don't make me get started baby I just wanna be off it, baby, I'm off it, I'm off it, baby I mean what difference do we make I got this bad from If you ain't buying tell me what you asking questions for? Since I'm no liar I will show you really wanna know Cause I can tell you but be careful cause the truth hurts And if you trying catch a broken heart the truth works
Uhh, suck it Oh, fuck yeah Oh, Shaggy Uhh This is why they call you '2 Dope', ain't it? Uhh, fuck yeah Uhh, take it out, take it out Uhh, now give something to J
Uhh, Violent J Ooh, don't bite it, don't be violent with it, ow Just suck it, nice and slow Yeah... uhh Uhh, fuck yeah You got.. uhh, now give it back to Shaggy He was sucking it better, uhh, now say my name Say my name
What? Oh, fuck you guys! G-Give me my dick back! Fuck you guys! If you want Eminem, you can have Eminem! Fuck you guys, I'mma leaving! No! Ken, wait! I-I- Aw, damn!
Lot of square feet choppin speed is the minimal Talk all subliminal in love with a criminal It's all comin back to the pot no chemicals She can get hired on the spot no interviews No carbs just vitamins, minerals Ridin shotgun in the Coupe with the general Yo go hard for the kid so I'm into you Hold you down, that's what I'm fittin to do
No girl will ride, like you do for me baby I knew you were special cause we hit it off naturally Had your guard up at first now you attached to me Got to give you all of me, can't give you half of me You can take your girl we 'gon move carefully I'll never play, with, you, not with those silly games No need for lookin Cause there be, none, that's, like, you, girl! Yo! Listen I ain't tryin to play with you I'm tryin to stay with you
Nah mean, spend forever and a day with you Never mind them side chicks and they issues That ain't nothin but bad luck that they wish you It ain't about them though It's 'bout the two of us They can't stand to see us doin us And I told you, this is what I go through But words can't explain this no I gotta hold you..down Them girls on the side!
So suckers get jealous, see sex ain't no problem So where can I get some, I'm digging your hairdo Now what do you want to do, I want some more pimp shit You know what I'm saying saying, so what could be better bitch You on the ho stroll, we bringing the funk back We got it on CD so what could be better bitch These lyrics are unrecorded, these suckers like get up on it You put it on 33, The Band on the wheels y'all
He's part of the rap game, he down with brother Brown You hear how the music switch, the tape is still rolling money But what could be better bitch, we ain't for no playing, boy You suckers get petro, but here comes the cashflow Kevin and Willie Wop, somebody call a cop The bitches be paying the rent, here come the freestyle But what could be better bitch, me and my gift for riff So what could be better bitch, me and my gift for riff
Now what could be better bitch, me and my gift for riff So what could be better bitch Ready to dick her down, now tell me now what it be I'm giving you jimmy bitch, so what could be better bitch Suckers get put on hold, peace to my brother Hav But yo can I hand glide, but here comes the ricochet So what could be better bitch, you know we ain't sleeping black So here goes another track, and yo we ain't slipping up
And ready to break her down, someone said no to drugs So what could be better bitch, no we ain't living large Suckers need bodyguards, No Self is the other half We're turning the hands of time, what could be better bitch My pockets keep getting fat, I'm ready to set it off You give me the runaround, but here come the swan dive I roll with The Bomb Squad, you see it in magazines The brothers that know the time, so give me some depth y'all
Got these bitches hating guess we doing our job Men hating too they can suck our cock If you pay attention i`ll teach hot to swob Swagging and mobbing Swagging and mobbing What you know about the white girl mob? Hold on, I heard you talking about the white girl mob You working that chase then we'll come and rob your job
Girl get out my face, let me teach you how to swob Yes you'll get erased bitch, listen how you talk Everybody mad cause we doing our thing Product my environment, who am I to blame? Came in the club but I can't see me cause my chain No need for introduction, they be screaming my name I'm out now, they still yelling "free v-nasty" All the hoes in the club sexually harass me
These broke hoes mad out the speakers we blasting Playing with my dough like my sneaker, I'm flashing Just stop acting, i'll have your ass missing Everybody talking about the white girl mob Got these bitches hating guess we doing our job Men hating too they can suck our cock If you pay attention i`ll teach hot to swob What you know about the white girl mob?
You gotta be kidding me if you think I ain't swagging You hoes say I'm fake that shit keeps me laughing Don't gotta talk cause my bitches stay bragging Swob on the hundred I don't need to be mentioned Yeah my booty clapping, so tell me I ain't mobbing I'm on my rap shit now so you know I'm not stopping Me and my squad come in, these bitches dropping Got them hating, but they watching
I have anger in me, don't make me summon the source I go to war with the Glock I go to war with anybody motherfucker, I'm a sorcerer Ahk Fucking everything whether the bitch is gorgeous or not I murder everything, that's just some of my torturous plot If you righteous and you under attack Like the Anbar Awakening and Sons of Iraq The fifty cal is like a thunderous clap
If you think that you safe and nothing wrong that's a presumptuous act It ain't no tomorrow, I don't got a dime saved And if you did it's in the Wall Street crime wave It ain't nothing worse in the world than a mind slave Going to war with my people how I define brave I'm a monster Ain't no one can fuck with the kid I'm a monster
My jail brothers stuck with a bid Everything I do is precise Pazienza ruin your life Ain't no one can fuck with the kid My jail brothers stuck with a bid Everything I do is precise Pazienza ruin your life Yeah you know that Vinnie he been nice
Y'all don't belong inside of the ring like you Kimb' Slice They call me John "The Beast" Mugabi when Vin fights Vin Laden, Taliban, Hamas, and Al-Qaeda You a snitch cop lover, you fuck with a traitor I'm a motherfucking brick you constructed of paper I dumped the motherfucking clip now you dust and you vapour I was there when all the planets was born Before the Continental Drift and when Atlantis was formed
When Gandhi told the Indians to stand and be strong And took the British out with intellect in spite of their brawn Everything Pazienza do is hard body I don't care if you Blood, Neta, or Godbody I was devilish before the power of God got me I just think I let the fucking sword of Allah chop em Mossberg nine thirty-five is amazing The Prada high-tops the same colour as raisin
He a rat, not even his mother can save him That's what you get for being brothers with Satan The thirty-eight practical, the Glock is for fair And this for jail brothers something they can knock on the tier Yeah, I'll stick a knife in your esophagus queer I'm an animal, every rhyme will demolish you queers Gas high but you can get the D for a real price This Sig Sauer 1911 is real nice
Is no longer sleeping, it wants to eat MC's So I let 'em free, let 'em feed peacefully Until he cease, now a beast must drop feces But I never let it free fall, I catch it and spit it I kick shit that blows whole districts into tidbits With pen in fist, I take tallys, of these scrimmages Can't call it game, my juego wicked as witches is Reminisce the number one plus twenty three
Oh I believe the fire burns, we stay alive They will talk about us Like they talked about the kings before us They will talk about us These are the words of a believer, achiever, leader of the globe Feeding souls of those in need I bleed the blood of the struggle walking over troubled puddles Hustles in my chest, no hustle no progress
Extremities of life and it's process Birth of a son, death of another With love I caress both mothers And told 'em, who's in control is the one that's above us I walk where money talks and love stutters The young become dangerous, pain gets spent into anger Anger gets sent through the chamber It's tough when your own look like strangers
We are the sons of gangsters and stone rangers If he could how would Ernie Barnes paint us? But time forgives in the Chi where the young die often Do they end up in a coffin because we haven't taught them? Is it what we talking, we really ain't walking? Dues hustlers pay, how much did it cost 'em? Find myself on the same corner that we lost 'em Real talking, in their ear like a Walkman
Thoughts spin around the corner to the world When I see them, I see my baby girl, believe! I believe in the light that shines and will never die Oh I believe the fire burns, we stay alive Like they talked about the kings before us The Lord lives among us, the younguns hunger Become a means to get it by any ways nece- -ssary, under pressure, children feeling lesser
With the steel up on the dresser killing will aggressors Destiny's children survivors, soldiers In front of buildings their eyes look older Hard to see blessings in the violent culture Face against weapons, sirens, holsters That ain't the way that Langston Hughes wrote us Soul controllers on the shoulders of Moses and Noah We go from being Precious to Oprah
Cultivated to overcome ever since we came overseas Today and the way that you can see we determined Solar keeps burning, shawty's know to keep learning Lesson's in our life are like stripes that we earning Took gramps' advice that Christ is returning Like a thief in the night, I write the beacons of light For those of us in dark alleys and parched valleys Street hits spark rallies of the conscience conquerors
Her eyes could pierce the man of steel Her touch could melt the human torch She's alluring so I have no choice Her heart colder than the polar Frost bite when I console her She's the dealer I'm the fucking junkie I'ma fiend, starving for the munchies, I'm hooked Put the needle in my fucking veins
Put the pills to my lips The room is dark and everything is strange But I get lost with every hit of drugs Drugs; Her Drugs It's like I'm high on drugs Oh, those drugs, I wanna get high We gallop on those white horses, Ima killer when I'm with her At first we feeling gorgeous, At the end it gets so bitter
I feel it pumping through my chest, Her voice stuck in my head I swear this one's the best, Relieving all my stress Even for a sec then reality's in check, I'm hooked Put the needle in my fucking veins Put the pills to my lips The room is dark and everything is strange But I get lost with every hit of drugs Drugs; Her Drugs
Cause in my mind when I see you with another bitch I go insane, I just throw a fit And now I am yelling, screaming "Hell no!", throwing shit I'd kill a bitch, and you know this shit But it's my lost, its just yo fault Nothing's mine now, this is yo heart Take out and you can see, it beats for you Cut me open, I'd even fucking bleed for you
You wanna leave me, you can't go now I gave you everything in my heart and head But the only way you leaving is when you're dead I am in love with you You set me free I can't do this thing Called life without you here with me Cause I'm Dangerously In Love with you
I'll never leave Just keep lovin' me The way I love you loving me Ah, now I am thinking a million things at once I want you back now, and I can't front Roger that, 10-4, did you copy? You won't be with a bitch who is not me Cause I will leave with your dick, you will not pee
Cut your eyes out, Hitler... Nazi Cut that bitch up, cook her, Chinese Us together, forever, Siamese Damn, a lil gone with my thoughts vague I know your thoughts too, this is not Haze Love and logic can not exist together I'mma pick the better Take it all, take it all, you don't have a choice
Yell and scream till you don't have a voice Punch walls, go ham, you could hurt me But don't leave me, cause that's the worse thing I am in love with you You set me free I can't do this thing Called life without you here with me Cause I'm Dangerously In Love with you
I'll never leave Just keep lovin' me The way I love you loving me Cause I am in love with you Every time I see your face My heart smiles Every time it feels so good It hurts sometimes
Created in this world To love , to hold , to feel , to breathe , to leave you... Hold up! I just, I don't know if I need to say this I mean, like, I understand that I've done wrong But, my fucking heart is yours, and I can not lose you, like I don't I am in love with you, I am just crazy I am...
God damn. These hoes just be crazy nowadays Sheesh! Bitch, stop hittin' my phone, hoe leave me alone I'm high up in my zone, can you please not call my phone? What the fuck bitch, I don't even like you You keep hittin' my phone gon' make me wanna fight you I just woke up and you callin' with that bullshit You remind me the reason I walk round with a full clip Irritating bitch gon' make me want a new bitch
I'm hopin' she a cool bitch 'cause girl you are just through wit' I'ma hit you next week, 'cause bitch you are just crazy You are not my lady, tomorrow is a maybe But bitch you gotta pay me, so I hope you pay 'Cause if you not, then it's not your day Not today, not today Bitch, no, not today Call me, I might be feelin' great
You got some dope? Well that's good Meet me at 12, I'll be in the hood Not today, though, I'm with my other bitch You a ugly hoe, I'm with my gutta bitch You keep textin' me, on some funny shit You distractin' me while I'm with my money, bitch What you say? You at my mama house? Aw hell nah, you just started drama now
Responding to your power, a safe place for you to stand But when the undercurrents come, and pull you out to sea I'm left with shells and slippery rocks where you used to be And when the sun comes beating down and burns my body dry Cry, cry, and then at last, the sun goes down And leads into your sea And I can feel your desperate hands all over me, all over me I dream of you, when I know I shouldn't, shouldn't
You are hurting me and you said that you wouldn't You promised me you wouldn't you wouldn't Oh, I, oh I. Indeed, indeed, indeed So moves like that This is how we bust rhymes on a phat track Me and Kahlee, female refugees, we get down like that I don't know what to sing so my artistry brings Things from off the top of my head
Yeah, so roll one on some chill shit I was deep asleep, on my Kill Bill shit But now I'm back for it all tryna steal shit Word, that's the reason I'm still afloat You were treading water while I went to build a boat Fool, you would probably drown in a little moat Uh, I'm just a hero that was unsung But in time they will see I'm truly someone
But don't mistake it though, it's love where I come from Work I put in that could never be undone I gotta move, man, this movement you begun one? My whole team on my back weighing one ton And I've been burning heavy ever since blunt one Ask about plan B that's a tough one But as long as I can catch a flight home To a sold out show full of fans then I'm on
Man, I'm so through. I'm through with the shit Man, you old bitch. Can you come be my bitch? Can you get me dome? Can you get me wrist? Can you see me on TV, bitch, flying shit? G5 high, and I don't give a fuck Man you could be my bitch. Yeah, bust a nut, bitch Bitch, you a bitch. Bitch, you a bitch. Bitch, you a bitch. Bitch, you a bitch
Can you see me? Can you see me, bitch? I'm higher than the sky I don't give a fuck, bitch, you can look up in my eyes You a bitch. You a bitch. You might hear a surprise I don't really give a fuck, bitch Higher than the sea. Lower than the sea. Bitch you never see me I don't give a fuck, bitch, you could never be me Bitch, you a bitch, you a dirty ass bitch I don't really give a fuck, I'm from the '30 you bitch. I'm from the '30 you bitch
Bitch, you a nerdy bitch. You a nerdy ass bitch, bitch. Bitch, you a bitch We sittin' on sixes. I'm gettin' digits My bitch's midgets. My bitch's midgets. They gettin' my pockets bigger I don't give a fuck, bitch I'm a winner. All you is, is a bitch You a bitch. You a bitch. You a bitch. You a bitch You and your clique is a bitch. You and your partners, y'all all bitches. Y'all bitches, bitch Bitch, send me dough. Western Union, that shit ho Bitch, you a bitch. You bitch. Bitch. You a bitch
Bitch, you're a bitch. Bitch, you're a bitch I love to see me on TV, bitch I'm rich Unless you give me dough, unless you give me dollars I don't a fuck. Damn bitch, you can't holler I don't really care, cause I gotta lot of choppers. Pull it all on a bitch, bitch I'll drop 'ya I don't give a fuck, bitch. Yeah, I'll really slap a ho I don't give a fuck, doing shit you never seen before Bitch, you a bitch. Bitch, you a bitch
Of global emotional domination, pacing, paste in sudden realizations That come with patience as patients in adoration Of sick doctors that operate with no hesitation Raw with no sanitation Quoted, not annotated As if the roof caved in cause of precipitation Guess it's up to our generation to do the steel plating I'm like a text book with page numbers never stated
Controversial matter often left up to fierce debating Pertaining not to subjects subject to corporate staining Maintaining the draining of obtaining jewels and chains hanging And in the case of Casy, ain't got no time for Uncle Toms So this California dreaming's something I never slept on Awoke to provoke me to choke out the chokehold That's thicker than Quaker oats Around my mind did I dig motes with these skills that I promote
Yes, I wanna make Do you wanna make, do you wanna make, do you wanna make pies, pies Do you wanna make, do you wanna make, do you wanna make pies? Yes, I wanna make Pyrex bake pans, watch birds break-dance I measured it perfect, the product's in great hands You want the spoils, cook it to the oils Versace bed and 12 thousand on my king coil.
Couple diamonds keep ya bitch loyal Roger Federer Rolex, my wrist royal. Goyard trunks for luggage, nigga Tell the bellman at the plaza not to tug it, nigga Oh, it's only luxury, when you ain't got it It's lifestyle when you can't live without it. Take a look at BabyGinny closet Wild world of Balmain and Balenciagas
Stressing Out Let Me Ease My Mind Purple Drank Slowing Down The Time Killing Beats Committing Crimes Wettest Flow With the Vicious Rhymes Man this Weed Got Me Going up Couple Hydros Couple Xannies drop Em' In My Cup SWIM PMG You Niggas Know What's Up Ayye Quan I think I'm Finished You Can Gon' Have My Cup It's Just a Regular Day My Nigga What Can I Say It's Just a Regular Day We Can Get You Right For The Right Price A Dub For Fifteen Will Have You High All Night And If You Want Them Xannies Just Holla Man My Nigga Jay Nasty Got Em For The Low Man And After We Get High We Gon' Fuckin Ball That Nigga Jay Nasty Ball Til He Fucking Fall
But these days they shootin' at me with a Tommy Gun Carry the weight 'cause I'm strong enough But sometimes the hate make me feel like I'm pulling a Tonka truck What's the fuss? I bought the Murda Bizness to all of them They asking questions like I ain't talking about dressing Are we talking about art, or are we talking about perception? If it bangs play my record, if not, then shelf it While others coming up shorter than elf limbs
I realize I may be the realest bitch they ever dealt with And to be honest these rumours be all fables See, I don't get dropped, I drop the label Let's keep it very clear, I'm doing just fine I'm sitting on a million, your bank's flatline Death to the haters, face it one time You got your own dick bitch Why you ridin' mine?
Kick me down but I'm a champion Heard them say that I'm not the one Nevermind them, never-nevermind them Nevermind them, never-nevermind them Carry the weight like a champion Go sell the dreams to the other ones I never learned to fail, all I know is win The haters shoot me down, can't help but crash land
I get up walking, they still talking it never ends They build me up to break me down it builds me up again On my Twin Tower shit, even when I'm gone They gon' pay to see where I've been I ain't do this shit alone but it ain't take many friends Now I understand the song, many men, many men It's only so long, fake bitches can't pretend I'm gone with the wind, they can't even catch my drift
The hate keep you from hearing, well, fuck it, read my lips There's some things I never do; never lose, never quit Never change who I am, never give a fuck who gives a shit I'm drunk off life, of course I'm swerving in and shit And like my girl Tiny all these haters on my Tip Kick me down but I'm a champion Heard them say that I'm not the one Carry the weight like a champion
Now she's in line for the bathroom Walked out, now she's playing with her nose All coked out, and everybody knows The real party started at 3, and all the pretty girls Wanna party with me! All the pretty girls wanna party with me! Saw a speedy, white teen when I walked in I walked up, and I tried talkin' till she said she's coming back soon
Now she's in line for the bathroom Walked out, now she's playing with her nose All coked out, and everybody knows, everybody knows Everybody knows, everybody, everybody, everybody knows I need a girl, no I need 2 Matta' fact, scratch that, I need a few I need some girls, who like to smoke tree And like to start the party, at a quarter past 3
They know me as the king of the shine It's Busta Buss, bitch, they call me stimulus rhymes Familiar with women I got you curious times two Delirious with bread, so serious with the mind, boo Conspicuous, you might wanna take a flick of this wine, you I'm sick with this, think you really wanna get with the swine flu? Ridiculous, with such a meticulous grind Ventriloquist, the way niggas will spit when I rhyme too
Sometimes it's hard to believe me, the way I Come with them classics and make it look easy and then I Know what this custom Louis just cost me? Well if you did, you'd probably get your fucking hand off me It's Damier leather chocolate darker than coffee Staring at the space shuttle, when I pull up or pull off, see Shawty be probably be pushing and answer me softly She love the fact that I rep everything that a boss be
Tostido make my diamonds, I'mma go and have some sides Busta rhyming, rocking custom diamonds I'm blinding, shit to me is easy grinding Even if I was signed, ain't no need to sign me Entirely, too turnt up my mind is Focused on money like the IRS is I pull up in a scratched Lexus with Texas Lethal injection, electric necklace
Look at me and let the vision deliver the message And ready to lead your dude listen and give me a second Hello baby gyal mi waan yuh Addi real big man mi call yuh Wine yuh waist baby mi waan yuh Long time yuh a beg fi a touch But I'm no Mavado She a wine like macarena
We haffi talk inna spanish, como te llama Aiyyo you see the way I come in and how I creep up behind 'em Like I'm aimin with a rifle comin to seekin to find 'em So many mami's let me go in just wine 'em and dine 'em Hey! Yuh seh yuh need mi? How yuh a watch mi like yuh waan breed mi? Yuh waan every gyal fi see yuh too greedy! OH! Mi and mi thugs everybody waan falla
Inna Desert Clarkes, Wallabees, bank robba No! Betta know di woman love di wey mi dappa Longside di Gaza government di whole a dem a shotta And a....come yah mi darlin yuh fi be mi baby modda Pretty like Nicki Minaj badda dan Lady Gaga And everytime I come you gotta know I put it on you Baby girl until you sleep and wake up feelin good manana Hey! Yuh seh yuh need mi?
How yuh a watch mi like yuh waan breed mi? Yuh waan every gyal fi see yuh too greedy! And a, this a nuh swagga Gaza originally Mi nuh see nuh qualifier Street Vybz inna trolly Mi a, a rock Molly not a don and we nuh polly Tek a look inna di gyally pon di tower we a golly Yo! So many woman we should probably have a rally With Shakira and Ayana and Diana pretty Sally
I never meant to hurt you I never wanted to see you cry For you Uh, you know what I'm talking about, baby? I never meant to hurt you I never wanted to see you cry D.R.U.G.S Usually I don't like thugs, who bust guns but
I got a thing for this burgundy one Even though I can't read him, too much dirt on his palms For me to see exactly what he got in his heart Even though I know the seventh letters hold it in forever Even though he got an ex who's still around, he will do better When he ready, when he pick me to be honest, it is all the same as long as you are with me I see other couples flimsy, we be homies till you ready When other girls you fucking start to make you feel empty
Nobody cares somehow When the loving that you've wasted Comes raining from a hapless cloud And I might stop and look upon your face Disappear in the sweet, sweet gaze See the living that surrounds me Dissipate in a violet place Can't you see what you've done to my heart
And soul? This is a wasteland now We spies We slow hands Put the weights around yourself We spies Oh yeah, we slow hands You put the weights all around yourself
Now I submit, my incentive is romance I watched the pole dance of the stars We rejoice because the hurting is so painless From the distance of passing cars But I am married to your charms and grace I just go crazy like the good old days You make me want to pick up a guitar
And celebrate the myriad ways that I love you Can you see what you've done to my heart And soul? This is a wasteland now Yeah, we slow hands Put the weights around yourself Oh, yeah, we slow hands Killer for hire, you know not yourself
Man I'm sippin on brown, 'till I might drown I'm high and I'm never comin 'down Stay high all day Stay high all day Told her if it's that real get a tattoo Maybe this bitch is who I come back to Maybe this beat is too chill to rap to Riding with Bonita smoking reefer
She ain't heard of you I ain't heard of you neither Blowin' up gettin money and they hate it No job so I'm chillin' gettin faded Think I'm 'bout to go pick up a zippy I'm just - Ridin through the city, rollin' up sticky A bad bitch with me and we both getting trippy Man I'm sippin on brown, 'till I might drown I'm high and I'm never comin 'down
Bouta face a whole bot and then refill the roach quickly Seal the zag with keef dust, and call that thing pixie G got me feeling straight up, out the 50's You would think our life is made up, it's so damn nifty And I'm lookin' extra spiffy tryin' to get lifty Step up in the room they giddy throw it back and then we dippy Been in love with weed since the first time I smelled it Wanted it for free but karma wouldn't let me sell it
I'm a bull in a china shop, watch how the Uzi spit Who we with, bros with hammers and they like too legit I ain't got any time for your foolishness Raw raps from the same place where the Kufi sits He the motherfucker always sipping Goose and shit Stomp a rapper out, Timberland boots and shit The left hand is what I give you the contusions with Vinnie!
Rock it not quick What I'mma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck Death before dishonor, tiger blood, y'all are fake I let the .45 blocka blocka, rob his cake You a bitch, security guards lock the gates The Louis Vuitton bootleg, Prada fake I'm trying to make the same money that Madonna make Eyes never lie, I'm surprised that you not with Jake
I roll 4 5 6 on the grind with the dice And just stay away from Vinnie thats my kindest advice I'm Mike Tys' versus Spinks, lord I'm dyin to fight I drink drugs smoke alcohol my mind isn't right I knock buildings over like I was Osama on flights I would dream about jordans I would die for the nikes We ain't had the money but my mother buy me the nikes You see I'm mean real mean like how Gandhi was nice
I hustle hard real hard with the china thats white I don't fuck with yall, you simply garbage on mics I would kill myself pray give my father his life See I was born in the killin' fields It took me a while to manifest how I really feel I'm from Philly automatically a bigger deal I was always with a Lench Mob Chilly Chill See, it's a brand new funk that was really will
Ha, um, I say like...like, if you had-here-here's a melody You got starch in your flow I flow too many ways Got a arch in my flow All songs are flow Rembrandt, Rilke I am art with the flow Even if I'm guilty
You gotta pardon the flow Niggas takin' me lightly Had to darken the flow Way I put it together Tear 'em apart with the flow I'm too smart with the flow You just started to flow And 33-year-old Jay-Z is the reigning king of rap. He owns his own record label, clothing line, and movie production company, generating almost half a billion dollars a year in sales. It's no coincidence that he named his record label Roc-A-Fella.
One million, two million, three million, four Rapper, businessman, hustler. Jay-Z, the son of Marcy, has seen more highs and lows in 33 years than most people see in a lifetime I am the used spirit I am y'all with the flow Troubled man, dare I say I am all with the flow I come apart But I evolve with the flow
This ain't chess nigga this checkers Fuck wrong with y'all It's Grip Plyaz and I don't give a damn It's 2012 and I still don't give a damn Man down somebody please call the ambulance Pop up ass niggas I don't fuck with spam It's peanut butter jelly time I don't fuck with jam Picture taking ass niggas this ain't Instagram
Think about because it's over I know you hung your pants up but I'm going to fold you I hear the shit your talking homie I hope your sober I'm going in on the track I thought I told you Ah shit Here he go Grip Plyaz going H.A.M. shorty here he go Break fast sad nigga eat your cereal
Lessons and notes free spoken to the people I hope for progress nothing less than peaceful I prayed my hand won't hold a desert eagle I promised I won't grow bad and deceitful But this world is so motherfucking evil I hoped for progress nothing less than peaceful But this world is so motherfucking evil There's a dude called Omar that I used to know
He liked to party a lot and stared using coke Using any substance he could put through his nose Spending too much money until the dude was broke So he lost his flat, his girl and his car too Life crumbling around him he wants to start new So he cleaned up his act so he could start to Stay clean, he started hitting on that harder stuff Sucking a crack pipe, that's life and it's hard for us
Are the excuses he made He missed his own mum's funeral just from using for days No life he's just consumed by the cane He would be better off being introduced to a grave I pray for him but nothing seems to work here Allah has forbidden his soul as the hurts clear Let it be written, so let it be a squeal Lessons and notes free spoken to the people
I hope for progress nothing less than peaceful I prayed my hand won't hold a desert eagle I promised I won't grow bad and deceitful I hoped for progress nothing less than peaceful byn ljn@ wlnr rwH m`y wshwf ly Sr kl ywm nqwl wsh dny ? zmny rshny lshyTn Gwny wyn ydwr lshr knt ndwr `mny khlny n`ny bdh bDHk@ ql hk khw sh`lh hkdk jny
People that just came into this business so late All the DJs that don't know what they are doing, that don't know real records And everybody that think they can rap, wasting time This song is called 'Goodbye Rap.' This song is the last song I quit rap, couldn't find competition I threw hip-hop in the garbage The rap hall of fame had to pay homage
While everyone was fat cookin' sausage I was wearin' ostrich Rap ain't been the same since I had it hostage The last song I guess was written wrong First class flight I'm leavin' MCs to fight over who's the best, I'm gone To a secret shelter in space An astronaut ready to take off Go home to the Bat Cave and take my cape off
A rock star, still I will shock tomorrow Rap went out the door, all MCs cry with tears Miss my metaphor Inspiration gone now they gotta see artificial tissue on tour From the Bronx, true story Ask Bambaataa and Kool Herc I don't rap no more, I don't rap no more That's it
Uh, yeah I'm ten for ten. No chinks in the armor A bad bitch Stand aside, grab a partner Turn a sad bitch, not cutlery Face it, they loving me Pussy so mean it will make you wanna grab your rosary!
I be so clean Next to she, I'm like OCD Never fought the market with one of you, times three You'll never be my equal I'm plasma, you 2 TV Ya ain't shit, honey! You never new to me So many bitches under me
You sold me out for chicken change You told me that they, they had it all arranged You had me down Last chance, fancy pants Oh, very well You gotta get ready, for the big payback The big payback! Hey, hey
Only wish to breed, I explode into a million seeds Ya'll remember me, legendary live eternally Bury me in pieces 'cause they fear reincarnation Niggas screaming peace cause they fear when my squad face 'em Take them to places, stake they face Then erase 'em and brake 'em Murder motherfuckers at a rate and then quicken the pace Blast me, but never ask me to live a lie
With the homies, tell me what's good I'm tryna get these hoes single And this is my single Okay, what these niggas hollin' 'bout? Catastrophic K-Dot, bet I bring them dollas out Talk that shit, potty mouth, walk that shit, pep stroke Guarantee yo girl, get sliced like Kimbo Bitch, I'm in the club, homies blowin' indo
Turned up, throwin' up signs to the ceiling roof Sipping on that hundred proof and I'm dressed in Gucci too And these hoes jock a nigga so I holla, "What it do?" Where you at? Bitch, I'm in the club With the homies, tell me what's good I'm tryna get these hoes single And this is my single Where you at? Bitch, I'm in the club
Move somethin', move, move somethin' Got these stacks full of hundreds with an icon woman On my left, my right, my right, my left, I'm throwed Beyonce's, two Halle's and three Keyshia Cole's Wait a minute , can I pop my tags? Can I do the fool? Can I swing my rag? I'm a Hub City maniac, bitch, get it right Bartender, hurry up, put them bottles on ice
I got a hundred dollas on me Baby girl, I know you wanted All righty I might be in some loafers or Nikes Faded blazer or white tee, either way she gon' like me I get it crackin' for no reason at all Lookin' you see that I ball like a pupil that's soft And I can tell you don't have what I have I got a hundred dollas on me
Tip when I walk, slur when I talk Bitch, catch the ? quick If she runnin' her lip If a nigga trip, I give him a clip Now that's some gangsta shit Nigga bitch believe, which is not just for me Just for you Instead of bringing one key
Do this shit for the sport, so on and so forth Yo, take no shorts, goldilock flannel man Tune into the channel, understand the panoram Paranormal clan, low end and treble right Peddle with the mic and meddle with devil's hype Get a life, it's dopp gang, not duplicate, stupid shit Watch who you with when it's loot to get Type to get lit off a hookah hit
Trip and do a full split, whats the rudiment? It's rudimentary, doppel caught boos off entry Shorty face like Alvin Gentry Keep the level on it, keep the level on the rag Keep the level on it, keep the level on the rag I Fucks with EP, so I guess that I'm the token black Know some hookers on the rag who still be getting broken backs Plus they could fry a mean egg and keep the yolk intact
Ayo we're not sure if cereal or joking fact To prove he means business, he showed up in a cloak and slacks Pretty soon, niggas can't give out an oaken plaque Unless they carve the name of the recently awoken pack They're always looking like they need a mocha frappe Taking a crap could provoke a mediocre nap Last seen in Trinidad letting Soca slap Hitting Japan next, I need a fukuoka map
I would walk down the street strapped with two nines Bitch smacking, jacking niggas, G dub stacking figures Police drive by, I was click-clacking triggers Jay De Lucas put me with the fam to grow I was a boss amongst white boys rocking the 'fro I had hoes, bankrolls and minks by the dozen My rise to power was quick, they just wasn't Tryna make me a made man, they fucked up the game plan
I blacked out on them and started my own clan Black Gambino, black suits, the black Syndicate My crime fam was tight, every move was intricate The coke was brought in from bad Colombian mules Gorgeous women that I draped down in jewels Streets fight started, mafia wars in Italy Crime fam against fam and no one could do diddly Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes Follow no family rules, rules are for fools Fuck the law of the fam, it's the law of the land You don't like how I move then try to force my hand I'm moving keys, them DeLucas couldn't touch my pianos Putting pressure on them Gambinis and Verrazanos They love my money, they hate to see a nigga getting it Selling drugs is taboo, but I ain't fucking sweating it
The dirt gotta get done so I took my position One day I'm just Black Tone with a lot of ambition Next I got status, dinners with all courses Flights in and out of the country, they getting nauseous Money, power, respect; rise of the black suits Talk shit behind my back, but to my face salute Hugs and handshakes, they can't stop my reign Got the coconut, pilots bringing shit on their plane
Comfortable baby, so come here darling And come for me baby I don't wanna waste a second, no girl I just wanna make you come dance with me Come talk to me, come here darling Come here for me baby Why you so far away? You need to feel this I've got somethin' to tell you, come here real quick
I've done dirt in the past, I know that love hurts I'll come for you, but my lady's got to come first I can tell by your hesitation there's trust issues You get excited, ignite it, highly combustible You on a higher vibration, that's why I fuck with you Left me provide for you, comfortable as a Huxtable Your whole style is colder than Minnesota I love your profile, the way you look over shoulders
At the crib, I'm hopin' you come over We can do it like Common and Mary and come closer We can do it like Barack and Michelle, give me a fist bump Black magical, act radical with the fist up Do it 'til we rockin' the bells, you like hip-hop Promise you I'm not gonna tell, we keep our lips locked I don't wanna waste your time baby I just wanna make you come to me
Comfortable baby, so come here darling And come for me baby I don't wanna waste a second, no girl I just wanna make you come dance with me Come talk to me, come here darling Come here for me baby Like a Spike Lee movie, I'm movin' across the floor Feelin' love in the music, I'm using it like a lure
I love how you do, with your beauty and your allure Make you come like the ocean, approaching me like "sure" She Rockefeller Center like Diego in the lobby As valuable as The Scream or a Salvador Dali She popular with the thieves and wanna be Thomas Crown Some try to steal her attention as soon as I'm not around This last bird probably flew the coop Blastin' Outkast, last words: "Ooh-Dee-Whoo"
I don't know how to describe you, you're so beautiful Je ne sais quoi... how you say, "voulez vous?" Pardon my French, with the tongue kissin' I'll make her come hither 'Til she dancin' with wolves, see how they run with her I'm dumb twisted off rum, liquor But fix my composition and give a proposition to consider Hey you, hey you, hey you Yeah, I'm talkin' to you
Black Madonna, you sow the seeds like a farmer While I manage, just serving long sentences, no commas Write poetry in your honor, your body is like a sauna The promise, you gettin' closer to the sun, you gettin' hotter You the Earth, that's emphatically "yes" But I still call you a bad bitch, under my breath, out of respect Naturally blessed, Lady Chatterly fresh with tatted flesh I ain't gotta ask her "why you stare" - that's a "yes"
I just want to feel alive...no contraceptives Music is my medicine, an effective predilection I'll use every ounce of my intelligence to dose it to perfection I just want to keep on doing, that which speaks the truest To my heart, to my soul; without it getting convoluted I have to listen to it, my gut would not dissect me While I'm susceptible to influence, my true self would not just let me Be a hamster in a wheel and run the rat race into ruins
Let's be real, think about it What are you pursuing? I'm just tired of the deceiving the system has you believing Go to school, go to work, soon you'll be American dreaming I just want to be a realist and real with the idealist I'm competing with myself to see if I can be the best at this There's a time for the superfluous, a time for the appearance There's a time for engineering, this is the time for perseverance
Weird party, weird Sniff some cocaine off her titties I'm in this weird party, I'm in this weird party I'm in this weird state of mind up in this weird party I'm in this weird party, I'm in this weird party Over that , that fire, that check, that molly, over get that, get that , get that next In the line I find that Gimme that, send me that
Smoke that, poke that ex That ex and the sex and sex em Gimme what you're working with, twerkin with Gimme what you're working with, flirtin with, purpin with Percosette she wet Wutchu doin? Over that, that, that turnt up Lookin like you weren't showin in in the building
Damn it simply trippin, start in, willing to get it in The money any minute, how you flip? She wet wet She got that trunk mill in her back Wipe her ass like she was black Bout to have a asthma attack over that This bitch is on some other shit, other shit This bitch is on some other shit
And I love it, I love and you love it and we buzz in We buzzed in, we love it In public, I'm fuckin This bitch is in some other shit This bitch is in some other shit And I love it Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan Lohan Lohan
I'm a grown man and I need a bitch that could suck the dick without no hands I'm all turned up in the program Mama for doing yo own thing Your own time, my town Cocaine, cocaine Wet Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan Love it
Everything she do shit, on some bullshit Champagne on er body, on some new shit I'mma exclude her and include her Pussy wet on the set, nigga pussy purr On some jah rastafari ru girl Pink pussy, pink panties, pink nouveu Duvo, groove slow, got it Carusso This is how the club crack, after hour that
Ass on shake, make the club quake Everything she got, everything She make her pussy whistle, her pussy whistle They have a party in the sky, stay high Getting blown while we high, slow motion in the sky I make her pussy whistle Sip the mimosa, I'm in the club flow It's just noodles with my boss, so we don't have low
Watch er how she work the flow, breast coco mango Penny with the pussy hole, silky with the lace trim Slim goody, make her booty clap, I wanna trap that Make her kitty cat, whistle back, yall know she got that Red snapper, dog catcher, sun I had to ask er Will you get that B sippin on me miss blondie? When your friends call me, Palm sweet beach After party, let us all see, your pussy smoke a Lucy
Creep, let yo body speak with the same heat Knee deep, in between the sheets, do it to the beat Come whistle at the hot chief, me and Gotti getting money Poppin Don, smoking lovely, G's up, hoes down Wu Tang and Dog Pound coming through your town Some party with the best, get it east or in the west I make yo pussy whistle Pussy whistle, pussy whistle
Oh, that's how you wanna act? You trippin' You wonder why they call you bitch You wonder why they call you bitch You trippin' No, bitch Aye, you doin' shit that a bitch do And aye, tell that nigga he a bitch too
You too loud, nigga, turn it down some You said you ain't a bitch but you actin' like one Call you a bitch 'cause you a bitch Verse 1 for these bitch niggas Why you actin' like a bitch nigga? Check it out, turn it down before I kill somethin' You actin' like you're thugging, I'm a real one Crack gritty gang, bitch I'm in this thing
Looking like money, you looking like a lame And baby want a boss, I ain't with the talk So if she ain't fucking, tell her get lost Little ho you gotta know, you ain't with it you gotta go I need a bitch that's with the business That'll suck and fuckin for sure You steady playin' like you not but I'm knowin' that you a ho You steady playin' like you not but I'm knowin' that you a ho
Aye, you doin' shit that a bitch do You too loud, nigga, turn it down some You said you ain't a bitch but you actin' like one Money make the world go 'round With my gift I can put my dick in any bitch's mouth These to the honey, the honey is the money Which enables me to turn a bitch Outdoors, get it poppin' like popcorn
But I ain't mad at you, what the fuck you stop for? I know why you came in and out for Why you actin' like you're something that you not for, bitch? Real game, I ain't here to ball you I'mma call you what you mama call you Ya act like ya never heard it Yea bitch you deserve it Pop a molly, now you're feelin purvey
Bitch think and curvy and now she wanna serve me Seabisquit, Kentucky dervy Purse first, now tell me are you really worthy? Line em up Givin these bitches they vitamins Yes, I'm known to be the best guy Represent the west side, grab my dick and test drive Up and down the avenue
I don't like that, I don't like that All that attitude, argument and fighting back I turn a lioness to a pussy cat, hit it once, guaranteed to bring the pussy back With a pussy on swole, 20 years old, Filipino, let her leather show Let her show me, everything she know See it from the back, that fat camel toe Let her see it drop off patron Grabbing on that ass like give it here, give it here
You, you, you, you, fly kid too smooth Yo girl I see ya, there I be, in VIP, if you latina sipping gina Beat, beat it on the lean and say, she make that ass give a round of applause Clap, clap, clap home run, Derek Jeter Knock it out the park, got her thinking I'ma cheat her But it sound like what it is, it's that onomatopoeia, aye Man these bitches be fly, but they come by the flock Stripping down for some rock, true definition of bops
Nizzy Da Retail Pt.II I'm 2 legit 2 quit so i made it to the top On a money making mission trynna get the gwuap I'm 2 legit 2 quit But i never ever quit I'm on the grind getting money cause I'm too legit And all these niggas wanna be me but they really can't I'm speed racing on this beat like I'm on a drift
I'm too legit for all the beefing and the BS That walgreen money all you get is CVS I can't quit man I'm close enough to a win You on the downfall and you ain't picking up again Made it to the top while ya aiming at the bottom If it's beef nigga never knew i had a problem Repeat I'm 2 legit 2 quit so i made it to the top
On a money making mission trynna get the gwuap Got the squad on my back cause i hold it down Got ya girl blowing jobs enough to go around And my squad too legit for all that blowing down Shoutout 2 all my real niggas and it's going down Call the shots like a boss i be on the job All my niggas trained to go like we in a mob Paint a picture with ya face and i ain't talking clowns
They say I'm hard like that concrete be on the ground Counting money like the verses be in my notes You hanging on ya girl i pull the bitch between the ropes And if you think it's sweet don't ever try to sugar coat I'm too legit on getting bred bitch i need a loaf Repeat A lot of y'all trynna judge but I'm too legit And i be climbing to the top plus i never quit
I'm too legit for all these fuck nigga hypocrites Between the lions got ya head hanging off a cliff And have ya girl call me papi when she wanna strip She said she wanna slide but i ain't never slip I'm too legit 2 even quit when I'm making hits Yo girl be choosing all the time like she need a pick When I'm done i know she gone be cumming quick Got them niggas getting mad tell em take a lift
And the streets so cold they are To get to you up in space and time Yeah across these stars for you You're just a picture in my frame of mind Hanging on these lonely walls inside To feel and get around way of crime But they'll never take me alive Cause we thieves
Don't die We thieves don't die Cause we thieves don't die But we leave behind-hind-hind-hind-hind You're just a city in the state of mind And the streets so hard they are To get to you up in space and time And the Universe are a call
You're just a picture in my frames of mind But they're falling down to the floor To feel and get around a way of crime But they'll never take me alive Cause we thieves Don't die We thieves don't die Cause we thieves don't die
But we leave behind-hind-hind-hind-hind And the streets so cold they are And the Universe are a call You're just a picture in my frame of mind Hanging on these lonely walls inside Feel and get around a way of crime and they'll never take me alive! With a picture on the floor Believe in mine
All across the globe, and we doin shows Everybody knows, half stack and the place to be And we rockin out, no stoppin now Find me in the booth So what to do, get a little drunk Maybe turnt up, with 4 cups, of the goose and the henny Man we got many, drinks Shawty gonna know how we get down
In my town, this my style Fresh to death in vip, with no id So shawty please, just roll with me And my team, we going out Celebrate everything is good, so what's good Don't stop, don't stop Don't, don't, don't stop Don't stop, don't stop
Need to turn it up, wait Need to turn it up, hey, hey, hey Big city, big lights, that's my life So it's on more, with the storm flow Living everyday like ... And I know they hate Cause I live that life, everybody wants Bars and malls, that's my motto
...cause it's meant to be Living in ny, that's my life Downtown when we go down Every weekend, she be creepin Off the good life No kanye, just mind state She ... in the club With a bunch of thugs, poppin buds
Yeah I'm in this bitch and I'm blowing on that loud High up in the sky, you can call me 9th cloud Made it to the top after starting from the ground Nigga I'm the plug, tap my jack for a pound Catch me in the mall I'm finessing with the team Bitches love Loud Team so they follow me Niggas know I'm balling like 2k13 Kicking shit daily you can call me Bruce Lee
Nigga I'm finessing and finessing and finessing Only smoke loud so you know I'm never stressing Yo bitch just hit my phone and she want a smoking session I hit the bitch and i taught that bitch a valued lesson This bitch back and she want another session From the first verse man i thought she learned her lesson She love lil kitty cause that boy stay finessin' I opened up that pack now she never ever stressin'
She on cloud 9 so she speak another language She wrapped her legs around me and I'm bout to do some damage I got her screaming out Kat you a fucking savage She called a friend over and we made a fucking sandwich Loud loud loud bitch we blowing on that loud The neighbors keep complaining they be screaming turn it down Loud loud loud bitch we blowing on that loud The neighbors keep complaining they be screaming turn it down
You might not believe it though But fuck it, thats why I'm the ghost I'm about to open up, listen One day I fell asleep and my knife woke me up He said, "Your gun is in the closet flippin' Talkin' 'bout I get the most action he about to soak me up" So I went to the closet said, "Hammer what's wrong with you?" "You ain't busting me off, it's like I don't belong to you"
I said I just beat a case, daddy Tell me if the plan switchin' 'Cause we used to get around together We used to put niggas down together, tell me if it's now or never" I said, "Hammer, take it easy, baby 'Cause I got niggas to kill and I would never do you greasy, baby And all you gotta do is chill a while And then the hammer said, "Cool 'cause you know that I feel you, Styles"
I got a story to tell, my knife talk to me But nobody believe that my knife talk to me I got a story to tell, my hammer talk to me Knife, you my nigga, but leave me alone I got to talk to my man haze to get in the zone I said "Haze what the hell is up?" He said, "You know how we do, you know that we crew So where's the vanilla dutch?"
Rollin' somethin' up Think about killin' every rapper in the game and holdin' somethin' up My haze said to me, "You need to calm down when the rage come to you But you don't give a fuck So just open up your book and let your page come to you" Even though I'm humble and noble, I don't give a fuck You ain't tryna hear me, I'ma shoot through your mobile It's funny y'all squabble
Hold up, my niggas, it ain't a convo 'less your money start talkin' I got a story to tell, my knife talk to me But nobody believe that my knife talk to me He said I got you out of jail, paid for the lawyer and bail Take a look at the cars and the crib I keep the clothes on your back, food in your mouth Even paid for the birds when you moved niggas south Shit, I'm the reason why the block jumpin'
We've got a young man tonight that started out with Cash Money And gonna finish with Cash Money Ya'll know him as Lil Weezy Off the Heezy, Fo Sheezy Better believe me Ain't that some lovely shit? Bitch Keep coughin, he cough too much Wipe em down, I wipe em down
We can't lose, but you can die from them hollows That the team shoot, the whole match got game We them Parker Brothers flame Leap up and bang just to park a brother I guess my burner got a motherfuckin' and shit Been grim , yeah that's a real gift Thunderstorm in the club, let y'all drip Trip rain man, call me
The notch a machine like I ain't stealin' who? Nigga, who ya chick Bet I lick my lips, then she lick the dick Then we summersaulted, them bitches just a flip And know I got you salty like high blood pressure Top Notch nigga, nothin' less will bless ya If you test us, pile And you playin' dress-up
I'm here to get it so ain't a thing gone stop me now If you knew the plans that's in the works that I've been plotting now Go ahead and try it yeah ain't no way you can shut me down Trying to have dollars we can splurge when we shopping bruh I'm next up I'm on deck you better watch it bruh Self-made dollars I built it from the bottom bruh What you know about being guape trying to formulate a plot Post up on the block everyday that we open up shop
And I'm climbing on the ladder all the way up to the top I'm to the top I ain't nothing like you other dudes Must got me confused cause partner I ain't finna lose It's G-Eazy SD is the team finna aim for the stars Lace my track shoes cause I'm chasing after dollars ho And I'm out in first but by the end of this verse I will have gold around my neck for winning in this paper chase yeah With business on my mind, this will be my year I dream about dollars being broke is my nightmare
Picture it like I was living it like I'm right there The struggle feel like squabbling with dudes who don't fight fair Hit you with cheap shots its bad cause the streets hot That's why we pack the pump and I ain't talking about Reeboks But I got a vision of a different position I'd rather in so I'm focused on my goal with winning yeah That's all that's on my mind and you see I'm here to shine I'm here to eat fuck that bruh I'm here to dine It's G-Eazy SD is the team finna aim for the stars
Hit it from the back because I do it so good so now she trying fucking look like a rear view Why you trying front, you're see trough, she giving me blue balls, with these preview We eating good thats, sea food, I rather do the action because that's what G's do I be making noise like a G4, she gon' blow like C4 Don't act so innocent when you come in my bed, like the fuck you think you here for? Bitches loves my ego, flow is so God damn lethal You ain't gon make it, you ain't got no shots like Shaq with his free throws Hold on, wait, why the fuck you hating?, so what I fucked yo bitch stop complaining
Skinny motherfucker who be still flexing, the fact i know you, it's a motherfucking blessing Its funny how you act like you don't know me, but you begging for a verse You know I'd bodied you on your own track and throw yo ass on a hearse Nah fuck it, grab you by your neck and drag you to your grave Where the ice pick at? about to go Magnotta And I hate you rappers, and Ill kill y'all faggots, and i put that on my mama Me too, you got me bitches, well me too You got money, well me too
The differences is the day one of us are gone, no motherfucker gon miss you Shit now you think you big, well bitch, i'm higher than you no platform I don't want to hear yo music, imma close it real quick like it was bad porn Got these bitches on me like a fucking add-on, let bygones be bygones Yeah, shit it will when i'm make sure yo bum ass is long gone Yeah i got bars no wifi, eat that pussy like five guys After we fuck, now she over here showing her true colors no tie die Music till I D.I.E, want chains so B.I.G, o bright you cannot see
Cumed in her face now she legally blind, shout out to P.O.P Can't hear the hate on airplane mode Keep on rapping, till this cash can't fold The way im killing rappers, got me tripping, coz dexter is on my ass, now I match the code I be Taking shots like curry, jewels looking so sunny You say I went ghost, but you know my story, fuck the beat no Murray Young boy with a plan, reckless with my fams, I had to come back way harder just to show the love that I got to my fans Me too, you got me bitches, well me too
Now since birth I hurt ya I made you turn purple stole change from ya purse Wouldn't shut my mouth in church but most of all I hurt u I curse you I talked back to My mama that's why I went through drama look like I'm go be the man of the House since my brother ain't bout jackin no nigga to put no mothafuckin Food in this house mama I'm sorry but I ain't comin in tonight it's a draw up in This soft and I'm the only one wit white I made the faculty look at her wrong Probablay say that she could teach good at school but not at home man you got Her wrong cause my mama taght me wrong from right I had the grades but my
Behavior it was outta sight one time I caught my mama cryin watchin guiding light She prayin to God that he guide her baby boy right I spent my twelfth grade year under Jail life mama she trippin hollin bout you livin trail life mama I'm sorry I was addicted To them tv screens mama I'm sorry I'm addicted to promenthazine you say I'm flashy But I love it when my whip be clean mama I'm sorry and I apologize on everything And Mama I'm sorry For everything I put you through Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry When push come to shove she be always there And Mama I'm sorry For everything I put you through Everything I did for you I did it cause I'm sorry When push come to shove she be always there Right I'm hollin fuck everything
Fuck that syrup and mary-jane Fuck them cigarettes I'm tired of gettin sick and shit That ain't no killa shit wanna no what happen at a video you don't no what happen I'm A let ya no I was dehydrated and a nigga couldn't make if you don't like it then fuck ya ho bleth over me Rob over me Curry over me Heart beatin fast it's time to die my blood suga 565 can't take the shit up in my dick Finna check myself up out this bitch gotta get well at home not here can't alone
My mama callin and she cryin boosie what's wrong you need some fluid in Ya body boy ya no ya ain't strong when I come she real she still cooked a meal Made sure I took my shots and ran my bath water hot Now I promoised her and he promised me get some stacks before you leave the Streets yeah tell em yeah look like I got the beatsy meat but I'm sorry turk for the Studio I was gone off pills and truly broke and you wasn't fellin a nigga and I got tired Of that pussy nigga now mama called and she hurt to when I hurt them I hurt you I'm Rappin and trappin I no you heard I got the work to don't go to church cause my grand
And roll on a condom and slide me stiff dick in-a ya fat pussy Make ya feel like your home a tear down like a landslide Don't ya like when me give ya it real tough Make you reminisce, all yourself you a feel up Turn your back, will hurt your knees up How ya must come before me cause me know a no me fuss When me beat it up like a fight Ah, that she like, she love it like her life
Ah, that she like, scream 'til she no have no voice My girl, don't you like it when bad man give ya stiff cock Make ya cry and no stop, say the fuck here is hot You're cute, your breast's stiff and your pussy is fat Gal, open a ya legs like a gift shop Wind 'pon the cock, it up, 'pon it you have it tick tock Kerri a tell me 'bout Bruk and fix back Always and forever
I bet you ain't never seen A pussy so sweet Or tasted anything better Get to know me, get to know me Put your face inside my sweater Slide your fingers in my panties And make ma pussy wetter I would let you should you let me
October 14 2013 Minneapolis, MN October 15 2013 Chicago, IL October 22 2013 Boulder, CO October 24 2013 Phoenix, AZ October 26 2013 Las Vegas, NV October 27 2013 Santa Cruz, CA October 29 2013 Eugene, OR October 30 2013 Seattle, WA
Ageism, sexism, racism, chauvinism Capitalism running through them like the rumour business Separatism, skepticism, modernism, atheism Television running through them like an organism Mechanism, despotism, poisoning the ecosystem Satanism running through them like a politician Hedonism, hypocrism, nihilism, narcissism Egotism running through them, need an exorcism
Situation, heathenism, adversary demonism Introversion, extra prison tolerance for bad decisions Exploitative be the saviour to correct the system/paranoia Skepticism, schizophrenic, masochism Escapism running through them need a sedative Medication, complication, devastation negative Modernism has created modern prisons Neo-McCarthyisms, new colonialisms
Pessimism mess they is in Hoodooism, hypnotism, egoism, realism, humanism, legalism Mysticism makes decisions from a purer prism Magnetism, pragmatism, altruism, pacifism/idealism Actualism, rehabilitation-ism, ostracism, skepticism Small fish ball for recognition oppressor and oppres condition See, people need to villainize to offset disdain for their lives Ugly human, ugly shame, corporate greed in Jesus' name
Anarchism, self-delusions Victims leave with no solutions Impositions, superstitions, violence and contradictions Compromised commercialism I said compromised commercialism Worth and vision, work for wisdom Euphemism unforgiven Inhibition, prohibition, disconnection
Broken wisdom, broken cistern can't hold wisdom This town needs an exorcism As the world turns in isms Trust eroticism, social drugs, narcotics in them Cult existence, superstition Ritual materialisms, serial isms Habitual inferior vision Consumerism
He is, he is Set to, set to Self-destruct, self-destruct He is, he is Too cool, too cool To be true Listen Consumerism running through them like a tumor in 'em
Separatism, skepticism, desperation, nepotism Capitalism running through the Montezuma in em Ageism, sexism, racism, fascism Television running through 'em like an organism Hedonism, egoism, systematic narcissism To empty religious spontaneity is anarchism Social Darwinism, barbarism, modern paganism Major schizism, division, ethnoplagiarism
Selfish business decision, greedy reductionism Brainwashing, mind control, synthetic stimulation in them Time control mutilating the soul for a business decision Help the people cope sell 'em dope from a new trope Synthetic hope, life spent walking on a tightrope Infantile masturbation, juvenile, no education Mental castration, a generation forced to labor for a nation Lock the means production down, price reduction down
Inflation and corruption need the medication now! They need the medication now! Corporate production in a state of mass combustion Greed and lust and dangerous repercussions To escape the rupture they speak of rapture While still going after the things they spiritually capture Distaster faster and faster and faster Terrorism running through them on their television
Introversion, indecision, reactionism, hypocrism Phony nationalism, dishpan Africanism Material hypnotisms, monopoly, militarist devi-isms, sadomasochisms Intellectual fetishisms sold on computers and televisions Exploitative need a saviour to correct the system Paranoia skepticism, schizophrenic mechanisms Escapism running through them need a sedative Medication, complication, situation negative
Modernism has created modern prisons Neo-McCarthyisms, new colonialisms Pessimism makes decisions, hoodooism, hypnotism Egoism, realism, humanism, legalism Small fish ball for recognition oppressor and oppressed condition Sex, addiction, vexed conflict and anarchism Self-delusions, victims leave with no solutions Impositions, superstitions, brutism, contradictions
False pretense and no convictions Compromised commercialism, recognition Any decisions from a pure prism Magnetism, pragmatism, altruism, actionism Activism, pacifism, rehabilitation-ism No false sensationalism, aped assimilation in 'em Corporate cannibalism, psychological limitations in 'em No imitations, competition, gross assumption
Doublefaze G-Mufty C.dorphine C.dorphine G-Mufty Doublefaze Turn up turn up pass me the aux make we turn up Turn up turn up mo ti goo wo eh je turn up Ele wan bi won fe link up Oti yapa make we drink up Pass me the blunt make i smoke up You name it
So we turn up Ma nigga turn up So we turn up Ma Nigga turn up Oh lord an jaiye foreign.... All my nigga boss we just balling Life is too short omo see warning We gonna party party till the morning
Out of my way Clubbing tonight B Y O B Call your paddies I say put the bill on me But don't put the old bill on me Call me the don the the don 8.0.8 don the the don huh !
Turn up turn up pass me the aux make we turn up Turn up turn up mo ti goo wo eh je turn up Ele wan bi won fe link up Oti yapa make we drink up Pass me the blunt make i smoke up You name it Am feeling my self... O da bi pe mo wa ni paradise eh eh
Am feeling my self Faaji repete repete repete Still I get faded ,oh my goodness Hey.. What a fun Awon omoge yi fe pa mi o ,emini kan obirin merin oh Won ta tan si mi lo run bi Mario Them say am sweet like Oreo Ilu ibaje to ta lu oluwa ni o je o dun Ero ibaje to ta gba oluwa ni o je o se
Ilu ibaje to ta lu oluwa ni je o dun Sibesibe aja ye wa lo It's c.dorphine See me clubing flexing with my Hennessy All your girl friends shey na me dem won to see Me fire blowing up.. dopeman go Thank God, its Friday We clubbing tonight
Ladies, bottles We going live Snapchat, IG, come online Hashtag, ballers, for life Growing up, momma told me Double live up Ko ma se eru egbe make you save up O kin se omo de mo make you boss up Boss up, boss up, double up, husstle
And the streets are so cold they are To get to you I bend space and time Yeah I'll cross these stars for you You're just a picture in my frames of mind Hanging on these lonely walls inside To feel again I ride a wave of crime And they'll never take me alive Cause we thieves don't die
We leave behind You're just a city in my state of mind And your streets are so hot they are To get to you I bend space and time And the universe I recall You're just a picture in my frames of mind But they're falling down to the floor To feel again I ride a wave of crime
But they'll never take me alive And your streets so cold they are And the universe I recall You're just a picture in my frame of mind Hanging on these lonely walls inside And they'll never take me alive We leave behind Believe in mine
Am ill and none a you niggas can touch this keep the shit calm you dont wanna make it public Else i raise the sixteen your brain i publish on these walls When theres beef am the nigga who make em all fall Kill yourself bitch before i tie a rope and toss you off london bridge Dont care who you role with when warden speak he better beg me pardon or his lifespan i shorten I hit him till he weak and coughin When the blood spill theres one less lame nigga on rapgenius Hate on me i snipe you with my favourite rifle
Think you bad am the baddest the ifle Tower above niggas who nasty they never shower Warden you the weakest link the lowest point i got the hi power Grace me lord warden know he will never face me lord His meditation ain't high i break his neck Let loose put a bullet and a limp in your step Ha ha nigga you just got shot with ryhmes from a lyrical intratec Warden now pick your shit up and fuck off
You know who it is YOUNG G-DOLLAZ Swag Man, I'm going hard as fuck with this youtube ripper Just got this beat, shit's hot Shit's hot, shit's tight Swag, swag I got the swag like caillou
Bitches in the bag like caillou With a snapback the color blue Bitch, I'm G-Dollaz, who you? Thug ginger sister for caillou Sipping liquor with caillou Chilling VIP like caillou With a sippy cup full of apple juice I'm wake n' bakin' like caillou
Swagging faded like caillou Gave my cat a black eye With a rubber duck in the bathroom Got a yellow shirt with some red shoes And some blue pants, bitch I'm caillou Yeah, I go dumb like caillou Number 1 like caillou Young thug with a bop and a burner
Light up your playground, I'm caillou Gun supplying brother like caillou Bald motherfucker named caillou The cue ball kingpin running all the streets and going HAM in the sheets I'm Caillou, bitch! And I best not see you crossing my streets Because I'm fucking icy Swag!
I'mma start this story, my influence so enormous Got that shit you love to sing along with like every line is the chorus I'm born in Brooklyn like Biggie, I'm born in Brooklyn like Jordan I'm born in Brooklyn like Tyson, you don't live this, you just a tourist We ride or die for them corners, fuck your private life they spy on us When they catch us man it's like practice for the new tactics that they try on us Them cops are lining them coffers, why we get shot we lying in coffins They want my demise cause when I arrive they stop for lines so often
Nigga just stop, you might as well forfeit, we like Shia LaBeouf so lawless Still recognize real, real recognize real like the car I'm driving you foreign My diamond cut so flawless, no not jewels, I'm talking 'bout songs, bitch So if they after me like I'm Lauryn, I just tell the feds that I'm Moorish We walking, all the girls is talking Generally they butt fucking naked just like the Book of Mormon We see the trees for them forest, my name ring them bells like a doorman Y'all niggas game is so corny, that's why you grill them hoes just like Foreman, boring
Paper chasing we on that grind, reputation on the line Crazy, borderline - pay me, on time Crazy, borderline - pay me, on time Explore and discover what most fear, I will never wait till the brush clear Swear I will never get stuck here, America, fuck yeah Measure my career in dog years, my passport got them dog ears I set sail, travelling the world like Jesus was doing in his lost years I might give you the pill like Morpheus, I'm like the P.E. logo in the cross hairs
The words spreading through the postal call me glossy global Call me glossy global The words spreading through the wire call me glossy global Spit fire so im blowing up like Chernobyl The words spreading through the postal call me glossy global Im with cheese green and lean sitting seat in limousine C's team sees C looking hella clean Its Gucci seams and Louis B's so fuck what you think
Hop out the Jeep with a G stack of benji green Back in the Jeep i left the triple beam with the other P This Pine kush and Cinderella coming hella cheap A vacuum seal on the Z cause it a smelly Z Texas made drive with keef dodging felonies I see no lawyer fees and I got the case dropped Fuck with a court appointed attorney watch the case flop Im glossy global so im yelling fuck a local cop
Johnny always lock a nigga down Knowing damn well we don't wanna see the box like Manny Pacquiao Little nigga Mayweather size, ride like Pac In his prime, thug life is now on radar Til the federal come through and raid ours Reminiscing when the LA Raiders Was in my home, snapback fitted on my uncle's dome Snapback fitted
Snapback fitted On my uncle's dome And I don't condone dickriding, I'm addicted to Westsiding, living in a city where the skinny niggas die And the semi bullets fly, but it turn me to a lion Trying, and I mean that shit Game came through, put the city on his back I was in the city with a nigga, had seen that shit
"Compton!", a nigga gotta scream that shit Never went commercial, never T.V. screened that shit Can't block or Can't block or Screen that shit Can't block or screen that shit Now everybody sing that shit I'm addicted to
Westsiding, living in a city where the skinny niggas die And the semi bullets fly, but it turn me to a lion Trying, and I mean that shit Game came through, put the city on his back I was in the city with a nigga, had seen that shit Scream that shit Never went commercial, never T.V. screened that shit Screen that shit
I woke up in a cold dark place pulled the bag from my face There she was standing there with a flower in her hair What do you want from me I have nothing check and see She screamed on the contrary you have everything I need, oh you have everything I need Oh what do you mean all I have are my jeans She said I think you are the one I'm going to make you marry me I said no way jose I will not marry you She said Yessir today there is no time to for play
I know it's been long awaited, anticipated Sorry for the late start But the man, had to put the last touches on his art So right here, I deliver you a classic Beats a football and the flow is gymnastic It's all real 100 it's no gimmick Make it spread like epidemic It's all real 100 it's no gimmick
These things happen Yeah If I ever said I'm never scared Just know I mean it If I ever said I fucked your bitch Just know I mean it And if I ever said I'm gettin' money And oh Lord oh Lord knows
He knows I mean it Yeah, you know I mean it You know I mean it Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah If I say that shit then I mean it She calls me, I screen it, I'm only fuckin' if it's convenient You lie on pussy, that's weak shit We pass pussy 'round, that's G shit
But you ain't fam so what is this "we" shit? Listen, I'm tellin' you, it's my world, I does what I wish to If you're mad well too bad, sounds like a personal issue I walk in, they all stare like "Who the fuck is this dude?" Kicks game is just rude, don't get jiu-jitsued Tunnel visions how I get ahead, stayed solid I never fled My haters feel like I'm better dead With a better girl, with a better face
I'm in a better place gettin' better head "I just wanna stay broke forever," Yeah that's that shit no one ever said If I ever said I'm never scared If I ever said I fucked your bitch And if I ever said I'm gettin' money And oh Lord oh Lord knows He knows I mean it
Yeah, you know I mean it You know I mean it Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Signed Gerald, I'm sincere This year I'm in here, I'll spell it out to make things clear Meanwhile your end's near, I've got a lane and I'm in gear You people wonder who's next up That conversation really ends here
Yeah bitch, it's me again Back on them bitches who never thought that they see me when I'm flexing I'm flexing I'm flexing on the motherfuckers It's hard and I'm killing the mama's bestest on them motherfuckers Who said they can beat me bitch, yeah that's right none of them I came from the bottom up and now I'm fucking hovering I'm hotter I'm hotter I spit so hard that I could break a rib My drop is all white, bitch ain't no colours I'm from racing shit
My sound changed, I've overgrown I'm high and I'm running shit you can call that overflown Put it to your head and I pop pop pop you can call that overdose I'm everything I said I'd be I hate to say, I told you so But fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em cause none of 'em can mess with me I'm eating, I'm having these rappers malnutrition next to me We made it, yeah nigga we made it, and I was born in V-town So it's right that I'm finally famous
Bitch acknowledge the greatest, yeah I said the greatest I whip 'em until I kill 'em bitch I am verbally sadist I never thought in a million that I'd be living my dream So say goodbye to my crew, and say hello to my team Cause we kill it like I kill it all, I did this shit Wanted since a baby girl, on my one in a million shit I got it, yeah bitches I got it and now I can shred it
Like I'm Reggie or Otto Rocket, I'm getting so out of pocket My flow is so disrespectful and if you were sleeping on me I'm Freddy bitch I will wreck you cause I used to be nothing When dreams of being successful, but now I'm 'bout to head up So far it look like my neck grew I'm telling you I'm a vessel, lirically I'm a lector And bitch I be off the wall like a movie screen projector And I don't care if they get it, long as they pay attention
Tweakin' off them drugs until my heart go bom bom bom Tweakin' off them drugs until my heart go bom bom bom Man you tweakin', man you tweakin', man you tweakin' brahh Driving to New Lenox for some Little Joes Their pizza tastes so good after a couple shows I'm feelin' myself after them free throws But that was in the gym, now I'm watching Derrick Rose Man I'm tweakin', man I'm tweakin' brahh
I, anybody seen my Malboros man I think I lost my Malboros.. "Man I ain't seen shit" Anyway listen man we're gonna wait for the turn around to come around Mike! Yeah man, pay attention. We're gonna wait for the turn around to come around, we're gonna start the drums on the one.. Yeah, right after that we're gonna start and then I'm straight where the vocal comes in They robbed us blind And dragged us through mud They snatched our hearts, ha
We living life like we shouldn't, but we living life to the fullest Got a big cup, filled up, with a bunch of shit that would kill us Bad bitch in the backseat but she's knocked out cause she pilled up Mom's trippin' we still up, that late night shit real bruh And it's hard for us to live our lives cause they're testing our free will bruh But that's straight, Even though we got a lot on our plate, The problem is that no one else can relate Where we come from, and when the times get rough we do something dumb That's our fun like
Night and day never stay so young I keep you where you still belong Love's so short but forgetting you is so long We ate the moon and drank of its glow It fell into the ocean below Its shadow sings a chemical song Love's so short but forgetting you is so long So long, so long, so long, so long
Black on black Vader, soundtrack is so cynical It's for certain, keep a cup of Bourbon it's so critical I'm just getting started, still a couple years from pinnacle Lowkey I been killing y'all in another interval You kiss that bitch, you imbecile, her mouth stay on my genitals Text me ten times I never hit her back, pitiful I hate how this industry is so fucking political You should just sit down with all that bullshit go and get a stool
I just don't believe you, don't know who you think that shit would fool Yeah, legendary status what I must achieve Yeah, rap game James Dean, been here I'm just out here doing shit they ain't seen Swear this beat's too fucking hard, telling you bro, Kane's mean Ever since eighteen, been focused on the same dream Yeah, that was the day it all changed Shit just got real, now they're looking all strange
No longer on a small stage Never looking back so far beyond y'alls range That was the day it all changed Shit just got real, now they're looking all strange No longer on a small stage Came the fuck up since I was making y'alls wage Well, the difference is nowadays I'm making like triple times your dividends Walk my stage like Johnny Cash, hello to a massive crowd
Quiet but I'm passing loud, solid crew - no rats allowed Everybody know I'm next to get it, you could ask around Classic shit, that's the sound, labels tryna track me down Faked it 'til I made it, everything's official now Don't fit in, I stand apart from everybody, that's just how Everything I do, I put my name on as original Skeet on a rich girl's boobs and watch it trickle down I want in on every dime bag or nickel now
Every rapper that I'm about to pass up's in a pickle now Thought you had a home run? Just a foul Silly stupid rapper, you won't make it with that simple style When I'm working I don't fuck around, shouts to those who stuck around Always through the up and down I am who they buzz around Tell me now, how does it sound? Never looking back so far beyond y'alls range That was the day it all changed
Came the fuck up since I was making y'alls wage Remember when I never had shit Single parent struggles, mom's always trying to mask it Age sixteen I set a goal and now I'm past it From interning, to the flagship Jealousy is real, see these people talking mad shit What you making now ain't even fucking with my last shit We're eating, get a basket, I'm in this 'til the casket
Next to it, next to it, to it, to it, to it, to it Ne-next to it, to it, to it, to it, to it, to it Hey, what it say? Uhh, uhh, uhh Money ain't shit when there's wealth next to it Wealth ain't shit when there's health next to it In the lane with nobody else next to it 1st and 15th ENT, FNF music
Album number five, ayy nigga, let's do it Don't say my name 'less my city next to it Anything look good with a titty next to it Riding 'round town, something really exclusive Bump a little Pac with some Biggie next to it Nigga, that's love with a twist next to it Nigga, that's a Blood with a Crip next to it Rollie on the wrist, let's do this
Top down on a whip that's roofless Ain't impressed, it's the bitch that do it Let's do it Club ain't turnt 'less some bitches into it Yeah, yeah Crib ain't shit 'less a whip next to it Whip ain't shit 'less a Benz next to it But a Benz ain't shit when a Rari next to it
Rollie on the wrist, let's do this Top down on a whip that's roofless Ain't impressed, it's the bitch that do it Let's do it Club ain't turnt 'less some bitches into it Yeah, yeah Nigga, my hood, feel like Heaven With third worlds next to it
But nigga we good, and we'll be even better With thirty girls next to us Yeah, the White House had a trap next to it Yeah nigga, that's a fact next to it My house had a trap next to it Nigga, let's park it on the red carpet Grammy Awards, my momma next to it, let's do it To it, to it, to it
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps Packing, my piece, Jesus Packing, my piece, Jesus I just, speak my piece, keep my peace Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps In a butter soft leather but I'm still with the toast Toast to bros, you know the millions is close Feel the ghost of Notorious, tell me who the naughtiest
She get live like an audience I do what I do, no need to state the obvious Poli' with girls with bodies, uh Poli' in hotel lobbies Light a J, it's just me and Marley, look at the poster Do what I supposed to for the culture Early b-boy, down with d-boys, build and destroy My pride and joy is my daughter named Omoye
'Ye, that's my nigga from back in the day All that whoop-de-wah-whoop, man fuck what they say Played the lotto for my gram with a bottle in hand Lay it down for the world, for Chicago I stand, and Yeah, yeah, they like that, I write raps from on top of the world Popular girls always wanna pop in my world I pop out in the boroughs and go to L.A. to get hay In the middle of the barn with a princess I laid
Yo, this type of shit happens every um, once in a while You know I won't front with the style Bring life to the party like a woman and child From the land of the humble and proud, summers is wild Ah! Made the unmade-able Ah! Go to parties I'm paid to go Me and cuzzo talked the hustle About doing good business like Rick and Russell
Give a nigga the beats, they don't sound like Dre In the staircase, we still trap around my way Ransom money, bodies lost, found around my way In the kitchen, pack the baking soda around that yay Rounds I spray, forever underground they lay My nigga AD, BBS's on it like the 80's VVS's shining, we gon line up, tryna play neat I come from the projects where the gram sell cheaper
Chirping, moving dimes off a speaker Better play the front of the building, and back they'll leave ya We'll leave a pussy nigga's brains on this plate I'm the motherfucking king round this way Syrup gang, that's the team round this way Whole city getting cheese round this way Turn the club to a murder scene when them clips spray Niggas know about the zone, don't fly here
I can see it in his eyes And he's been avoiding me all day It seems as though he wants to cry, And he's been acting really strange He starts talkin' and I tuned him out,yeah It doesn't matter anyway Because I knew as soon as I saw clouds, yeah I knew what he was gonna say
Cause when the tears start flowin' and the wind starts blowin' When the rain start fallin' and you feel the pain comin' That's how you know it's comin' for you Just like a hurricane Just like a hurricane The way you break everything that comes in your way The way you broke my heart and now I'm left with the pain After the hurricane
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Baby I'm not surprised Oh I You said just what I thought you would And it hurts I ain't gon' lie Oh I But it doesn't hurt as bad as it could Cause when the tears start flowin' and the wind starts blowin'
Ayo, calm down, nigga Ayo, calm down, nigga Fuck it, blackout, niggas! Oh, my Lord! Lower the casket down Sprinkle the ash, or get your ass kicked, pow! Frown while I shit on your crown, skip town Ground zero, Shapiro the king cash cow Do I make 'em say "Wow!"? Strip!
Bow! I sit with the pound, Click, Blow! Click, click, Stop traffic, dropping them classics, flip now! Bitches, I'm making them skip with thou Art, you don't really want start, when I growl Let me come and mop up the knock offs When I pop off and never stop, 'cause When we do come through, you better lock doors
No need to cook up the coke, you see we cop raw And if you ain't had enough--nigga, we drop more Yo Fuck it, blackout, niggas! Here we go again! Watch how the gasket blow, or settle for land mine Blast from the door, Smash up ya straight with a massive intro Flammable fluid in ya yak sip slow, Let me line up the fiend 'n' pitch mo' dro'
I'm sick and I'm thorough bitch, so? Doin' it till ya get low, when they sick to they stomach, need Pepto-Bismol We outta here; Vladimir Klitschko Beatin' up the street when I'm lettin' this bitch go And eat a nigga food like we hungry 'n' piss poor We 'bout to fuck shit up while you lettin' this itch grow We reppin' every hood from the town we start bombin' it Just in case you ain't know; it's The Conglomerate!
Cuz I pistol whipped that nigga for forty minutes, straight With my shit fuck up your face Said I was in the court I beat my murder case They must forgot I'm the reason the whole hood ate Think I'm crazy and get baptized call me Rambo in that South Side Straight in school, but in the streets I was baptized Jail charges back-to-back they like old crazy ass Boosie Boo If you was facing that needle, you would get loaded too
Business-minded now I'm shining making this shit so real Can't be crazy I don't got no 360 deal Rapped about the court system cuz that's how I feel Do wrong I'll tell you about it, that's how I is Do that make me crazy? Huh? They say I'm crazy cuz I hang round niggas like beef Nigga I'm country club living, I'm like P Don't see my other side, so keep on moving
In Louisiana streets I'm like J. Prince in Houston They say my music make the goons keep goonin What about the government who don't give us opportunities huh? I ain't crazy Label ask my why you wanna name your album that I'm touching down to cause hell how I answer that They say I'm crazy for having all these baby mommas But I was young they was fresh so I raw dogged em
Phone ringing don't even answer that's my dog calling Some shit I'm trying to look over he ready to off em Boosie music this the best shit on the market Can't be crazy I got honor roll sons and daughters Can't be crazy I ain't never toot my nose with powder But I done thug round plenty niggas toot they nose with powder 23 hour lockdown, two years of cold showers Couldn't turn me crazy, and couldn't turn me soft
Running, bury me six feet deep and skip the autopsy Killed the paretic pathologist 'cause he tried to stop me Tried to examine my brain, all in my head The projectile, a 32 caliber revolver led me to my death They said I was a good boy But jealous suckers wanted me dead c'ause I'm ruling this But now I roam the streets, trying to piece the scary puzzle I hear the Rottweilers bark and I need a muzzle
I got to stop these bad men that ruined my life Now I'm in my afterlife, on a mission to kill Thought you could fade? My blade will crash your skin Leave you for dead in an alley, it is my final sin I doubted, screamed and shouted, one more on my list This first time was your time, your ass is mine, bitch I look for guidance but nobody will lend a hand Stopped in the name of the law as I take my stand
Leap out your corner with your boys, I hear you gloat Your time is up as I laugh and slice your throat They put me down into the ground So hear the sound and brother don't turn I bring the dead back to life with the touch of my hand I walk alongst the way 'cause I'm a product of the wasteland They breathe the breath of life into this rotten corpse of mine Givin' me the chance to take revenge up in a dark side
Benny on my back and I'mma get my satisfaction Got a lil passion for my new distraction Doctr on the track and PAZ up on the main attraction Crash it, bash it, take it from the street To the limelight, twilight, rhythm of the beat Kill em and grill em I'm just a consummate villain And with the fire right stickin to ya treat I got my sweet
Fuck that swag this is all I need A snapback cap and a Swisher Sweet 8 o'clock, 9 o'clock rock Clocks stop poppin at the block nonstop Trash it, bash it, take it from the street To the limelight, twilight, rhythm of the beat Kill em and grill em I'm just a consummate villain And with the fire right stickin to ya treat
Safe from colluding oligarchs grinding art from artists Manipulating markets All for that filthy lucre Styling photoshoot-ups They'll never touch the carpets preempting criticism simply trying to get on
Konna hi wa kuruma tobashite Nakamatachi to cruizing on da high way Ikisaki wa nanimo kimenaide Tada hitasura enjoy da holiday Otsukare Monday kara Friday Machi ni matta shuumatsu no weekend Nayamigoto wa zenbu kechirashite Waraitobashite mankitsu suru kono sunny day
Pokapoka biyori dokka ikou ka Soko no taun wookaa totte noru maikaa Demo kokochi yoi kara kono mama dokka Tama ni wa jikan mo yakusoku mo subete wasure Aho mitai ni atama kara ni shite Higoro no nayami nado kyou wa oitoite Toriaezu tenki wa sugoku ii ne Fundari kettari
Umaku ikanakute ochikondari Ikanai hi datte aru sa! So baby just take it easy aseranakute ii ze Just take it easy senobi wo suru hitsuyou nante marude nai Oooh! baby now, take it easy aseranakute ii ze Dakara toki ni take it easy Fukaku kangaezu ni nonbiri ikou Kouen no benchi de hinata bokko
Me wo tsumutte hikari wo abiru gogo Haigo ja kappuru ga icha tsuite konkon! Maa, nante heiwa na hitotoki Hibi no isogashii mainichi ga baka mitai ni Omoeru hodo toki wa yukkuri ugoiteru Sou sa, boku mo aseru koto nai hazu Susumanai koto mo aru sa! So baby just take it easy aseranakute ii ze
Shourai no yume no ran ni kaita Ano goro no ore kara nannen datta? Genjitsu to risou no hazama yuraida Jounetsu no honoo mo kiekakatta Chotto matta Cho chotto matta Akirameta jitende GAME OVER Genjou wokono tede kiri hirakou ka Oboete imasu ka Mukashi wa tashika
Kasukana kibou ni zenryoku wo dashita Seishun ni kigen nante nai Tankyuushin ni to shi wa kankenai to omou yo Datte sou daro Itsuka kitto, kitto, kitto ore mo tte Ottoshiteru to kitto de owaruzo Mujaki na yuuki furishibotte Doushin no netsu wo yobi okose
Shounen kara seinen to de chuunen Ima da mokka nanika ni muchuu de Kagayaite iru hou ga sou, kakkouii jan Like challenger da YEAH Kodomo kara otona wa dokkara Nante kangaeteru ore docchi da Itsukara ka shakai no kara no naka Toji komotte chiisaku mato matte naika
I saw you that time You got beat black and blue that time On the mic you got slewed that time Chat my name, you can kiss my nine I can see you, you can see me I can see you're not a T.H.U.G You can see I'm a bad boy MC Blud, you would've got a slap that time
You're lucky that I never had my gat that time I had my two fists, and you had your bat that time Ah yeah, I saw your chick that day When you phoned she was on my dick that day Up and down until she got sick that day It was you that she took for a prick that time Your name's Bill, why she running out with Rick that time? Out of her I would of kicked the shit that time
Everybody walk way for the walking dead The exception the rules and all they said It's back to the lab with your scientific mumble I'm alive, even though I break off and crumble Let me sleep forever and have a nice dream Trust me, I don't even have a best friend To find your ass murked and dumped in the west end I'm a dead man watchin' you face to face, shit
My breath's so bad, you can taste it "Look out, here he comes" "Oh my God, it's him" I stomp when I walk, big six foot 10 I be the dead man walkin'. Hounds are barkin' When will I fall so all y'all can chalk me out? No doubt I'ma walk it out That's what I'm talkin' bout, bitch. Everybody shout Walk it out Walk it out
Walk it out Walk it out Walk, walk, walk it out This dead man walks between evil and good The purgatory I'm livin' in is misunderstood Through the raven's red eyes, Beezlebub is watchin' B-L-A-Z-E. The dead man will Walk it out, moon walk, and side step Glide up and step into the keeper's crypt
You kept knockin' on my grave until I finally came out Rose up above you and snuffed your flame out The clock on my neck tells backwards time And that Ouija board ain't no ho, you'll find I know of demons that will come through and won't go back I be the dead man walkin'. Hounds are barkin' When will I fall so all y'all can chalk me out? No doubt I'ma walk it out
Niggas thinkin' that I'm solo Fifty deep, they like, "Oh, no" Heard the feds takin' photos I know nothin', fuck the po-po Bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda Bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda Whip it through the glass, nigga I'm blowin' money fast, nigga
Doslo momce iz Svemira, da me mazi da me dira Vanzemaljac, pravi je muskarac! Vanzemaljac, pravi je muskarac!' Kurto! Kurto! Stize pravo iz Svemira! Kurto! Kurto! To je ljubav i hemija! Kurto! Kurto! Za vase usi smo premija! Kurto! Kurto! Tebra mojne se nerviras! Kurto! Kurto! Stize pravo iz Svemira! Kurto! Kurto! To je ljubav i hemija!
Kurto! Kurto! Za vase usi smo premija! 'Da li mi se samo snilo, il' se stvarno sinoc zbilo Doslo momce iz Svemira, da me mazi da me dira Vanzemaljac, pravi je muskarac! Vanzemaljac, pravi je muskarac!' Twokey, Djexon, Persan, Twokey, Djexon, Persan! Nek se cuje nasa pjesma jer smo stigli sa nebesa! Twokey, Djexon, Persan, Twokey, Djexon, Persan! Neka srcu nam se muda, neka lize nam se resa!
Murder was the case that they gave me Hahaha Wonder if they catch me, or when this nigga a snitch Murder, murder Kill, kill You know they said I killed the whole goddamn city Now it's bad blood 'til the day we attack Man, they done charged me and my niggas
Shit too real, you come back, you don't rat Jurors like Rayful Edmond, couldn't go home Couldn't say they name couldn't do a thang As they took a lifestyle and delivered it in pain And forgot about the past of that nigga who got slain Look at this, man, the bar ate and boxed me Took a quarter million and went and got me Johnnie Cochran Told me if I lose, they will hit me with the gas
Kicked down every spot that a nigga had They said, "We got you on six bodies And two attempts " I said "Sir, you lying , 'cause I don't do attempts " They tapped the phones at the jail, they done wiretapped Trell They put bugs in my cell They say I know about the-- Murder was the case that they gave me
To take my life, they tried to use my music If I don't think shit real now, I'm stupid Couldn't get a bond , shit fucked up My O.G. and my son, man, they couldn't stand up Now, them people got them flashlights and all kind of papers Blood everywhere and they say they know facts Showin' pictures to the jury tryna degrade us In videos, strapped up in all black
Listen close, because on me it's getting scary to sleep I'm close to the edge, so if I get exposed to the lead It's like a fucking dictionary just explodes in my head Soon as I open my meds, verses get openly said I get high with a verse, I only cry cuz it works If I'm alive and it hurts, then how could dying be worse? I'm probably cursed, because if you hear the lines I rehearse And then rewind, there's a total different rhyme in reverse
Asking for help because you'll see me there attacking myself There's no cure for the sickness here, the shit you hear Is fear man this kid's just weird I'm so upside down, can't tell which way's up right now I've been spinning round and round, upside down I'm in search of a light, I need a purpose in life The pain strength determines what kinda verses I write Will be when I'm pissed, clenched fists, start abusing a mic
And so they call me deranged, but that would hardly explain The reason what goes on in my brain, goes on in my brain So thank god I became, somebody smarter, insane Through all this horrible pain, and I have my father to blame I can't believe as a seed I was even conceived Through your nuts, this is nuts, how the fuck can this be? Because I'm nothing like you, and you're nothing like me I'm the blood that I bleed I give a fuck if you breathe
I gotta get my life on track, that's what Brent said But life is worse bro I envy that you been dead Really, I kinda hope I get the same shot So I'm a nothing in life, yeah you're right, you're so perfect what the fuck is it like? Must've been nice growing up without a struggle a fight What a delight and that's the reason that we're nothing alike Because you're pretty and you're perfect, but imagery is worthless The ugly that's inside makes you shitty on the surface
I just gave y'all some break time to miss me So stressed on what's next My last little bit of success ain't even hit me So keep it light on the advice Look at us, we must be doing something right clearly In convo I don't talk to too many I just talk to the fans in the songs cause y'all feel me Now let's reflect on what we left on New Classic
I overstepped what was expected, I blew past it So best bet is respect my perspective Or go get your sight checked for new glasses The fact is you combine the stats with The history I made, the message should be established I guess what I'm explaining in laymen's Is ain't nothin' about miss Azalea average Now we in this bitch
Admit it get borin' with no me in this bitch Unpolished product of my environment Tryna get the same type love and respect as peers I be rhymin' with But everything is so one-sided, divided and biased That I can't get a fair judge panel not in the slightest bit In light of this, I had to write a hit to get this type of chip Ridin' dick won't get me nowhere and I ain't that type of chick That's so unladylike 'specially knowin' they be like
Right, they might be playin' but Iggy ain't 'Til Iggy faint, I just wanna fill this Iggy bank See I emerged from the smoke without a smudge on me So back up up off of me unless you got some love for me, right Even when my back against the wall I still don't know fear and won't shed a tear Cause when I think back, I've seen it all And everything that ain't stopped me got me here so
Look in my eyes and see what I see You know that nothin' happenin' surprise me It's like I seen this before This is everything I was dreaming for Relax your mind let ya conscious free I got expensive taste and I ain't waiving the fee It's like I seen this before Life is now everything I dreamed and more
She's sucking dick at a keg party in Malibu You buy her champagne and roses, diamonds on her finger She on E in the VIP, but where are you? Your girl likes to Party all the time Party all the time Your girl likes to She parties all the time
Raptors in this bitch Got a brand new flow They talk about how we getting all this dough They think its violene, they think its arrogence SHUT THE FUCK UP! We the biggest gangstas in the game This money straight,this money clean Shame you say u's clever but you still talking shit
You still movin bricks, You still deal with chicks The fuck you rep: mind over metter? If you still got a case... But thank me i already quit Quitted with all these things But dont think i ain't know shit about packs hidden in the sink I pull up in a thing hard to imagine in a dream how we stay fit with all this cream? Big booty on my left, Nice titties on my right
Hol up hol up wait a minute Lenmie put sum pimpin in it Ridin with the picture viwed Bitch with me shes almost naked Hataz hate we in the buildin Fuck a cop ill light this braided Corny shiid is terminated What i write is the best created
Mind so strong im levitatin Mind so strong im elevated Shut ya mouth im irritated tated tated Shut ya mouth get anotated tated tated Can't seee Ss with em stripes Stop hesitatin... AK 43-3,AK 43-4,AK43 Gotta get ya motivated AK 43-3,AK 43-4,AK43
Gotta get ya motivated All our lifes are illustrated Best illustrated where im located Fire in the verse just wait a minute Lemmie put sum Lemmie put sum Marafakin pimpin in it Hold up hold up wait a minute
Rap up in this bitch, abstract in this shit Rap up in this bitch, abstract in this shit Ay,ay,ay! I gotta kill this shid motha fucka I ain't know mane,its the issue What the fuck is wrong with you? The fuck? The fuck? The fuck is wrong with you?
The fuck? The fuck? The fuck is wrong with you? I ain't know mane,its the issue What the fuck is wrong with you? Catapillars Black leather pants n a white n yellow jersey Get yo bitch a wata towa if dat butch is thirsty ILL and sick and all dat shit just take me to the Surgery Fukin with these raptors u ain't bouta meet me in the Surgery
I see blood on the Mic! Must be cuz im Tight! Used to play with Baars Biitch Believe me or Nooot! Here i bring the Light! Makin clear the Sight! Drop a line on the papers Side! Neva been cared abouuut what they be like
Got bitches in the club moving perk?? 30s Gotta calm my nerves and keep this weed burnin' Always stressin' money I be stressin' money ??? goin' have it his way All my work clear the next day Charge the bitch when she come around game Bitch pay with the ??? bitch way I act funny when I get a lil money
You act funny when you get a lil fame And no nigga in my lane Pay no bitch ride my wave yeah They can't see who I am Glock 27 it don't jam My niggas we the last ones left 3 hoes and they hoppin' out the whip And i'm all the way from shit
Charge a bitch keep it lit smoke a zip in the whip Like they can't see who I am Lookin all nervous who I am She goin' bust a check and give me bands I'm only fuckin' whichu bout dem bands Send her in a bank, who I am Smoke an eighth to the face in my state everyday Hit a lick for the grip post a bitch on backpage
There's purp in my swisher i'm blowin this reefer I'm stackin my money i'm not fuckin whichya Niggas be hatin so I keep my pimpin My bitch a go-getter that mean she go get it She hoe up then blow up and me I'm not trippin I got zip Like they can't see who I am Lookin all nervous who I am
Sittin' on a satellite Don't worry everything'll be alright Damn right he ain't never lie Stay up on the P's and the Q's, stay alert I dot every I, nigga, cross every T I write the world a letter translate it with a verse Yours truly, sittin' in the room wishin' that I had another way to make a way of life Hundred conversations about how we gon' make it
Trying to have patience, but that don't make it right That don't get the bills paid, nigga, I feel pain, nigga But everybody gotta pay the price Niggas looked at me like I'm a fucking ticket And when I didn't blow, yo they didn't wanna kick it All a mistake, but I won't make it twice Depression so real, Robin Williams just died And I was in the same damn boat on the recent
Had to jump off, fight sharks in the deep end But I'm still here Man we can go so high Sittin' on a satellite Don't worry everything'll be alright Damn right he ain't never lie I'm good at holding grudges So I got a grudge match fightin' with 'em all
It's me against the world, so I remain calm And handle anybody that was trying to get involved, cause I'm 'bout that Nigga, this project fourteen It's ten years that I've been grinding People used to tell me I was rapping like Nas cause I wanted to be conscious Sounded like nonsense back then Yo, but those are the days I was going through the pain And got the cut scars on my wrist
And I was skippin' school, I was sleeping till ten And fighting with my parents on end Holes in the wall from my anger Didn't even know who I was, I was always in danger Self inflicted Now it's ten years later and the pains still here, never felt so vicious But I'm still here Yo ten years later
Maybe not as much, but I still hold anger Wishin' that I had the ammunition, I could take a couple shots But still got one up in the chamber Every time I'm workin' at this motherfuckin' job Im thinking of a better way that I can spend the time A million other rappers, niggas yellin' get in line Take a fuckin' number, every now and then I gotta wonder What would happen if I were to try
And went for a degree And use my over thinking as a key To get my GPA really high Instead of making tweets that my song finna drop, then they sleep on it Yo, but now It's do or die, and man I'm still alive So really ain't no way that I could stop But I remember times that I tried Voice in my head and It's telling me decide
Coco, part three Baking soda, I got baking soda Baking soda, I got baking soda Whip it through the glass, nigga I'm blowing money fast, nigga I'm in love with the Coco I'm in love with the Coco I got it for the low-low
Wrap this work and I'm solo Fifty pack in a four-door Pistol flash like a photo He want beef, then he loco Hit the streets, he a no-show Get this money, I need more, hoe Where the tissue? I got more blow Whip it through the glass, nigga
I'm blowing money fast, nigga I got it for the low-low I'm in love with the Coco , them dark skins, them light skins My Asian wear kimonos and all of them wanna leave with me and can't wait to be solo I eat the pussy for practice , all of my bitches got asses They throwin' it back and I catch it, no Say me want it right now, me no wanna wait Man a real bad man so them gonna hate
Plastic Dreams ft. Johanna Fay2013Loaded ft. DJ Carnage Must Be Nice ft. Johanna Fay These Things Happen Been On* Far Alone ft. Jay Ant Almost Famous*2014Been On Remix Let's Get Lost ft. Devon Baldwin I Mean It ft. Remo*2015Downtown Love ft. John Michael Rouchell
Tumblr Girls ft. Christoph Andersson You Got Me You Got Me Me, Myself and I ft. Bebe RexhaOther ProjectsBack That by Carnage Bang Bang by Marty Grimes ft G-Eazy Boom Boom Boom by Cisco Adler ft. G-Eazy, Don Carlos Choices by E-40 Fuck With U by Pia Mia ft. G-Eazy
Inona ny vaovao Tonton Bigga Artista fa tsy Sareraka, tsisy afa tsy izaho irery no hianteherako Yeah, zay tsy mila misolelaka , raha tsy mijoro koa tsy lehilahy Kobonay ny aleha, tsy hanaiky ho resy otran'ny Ali N'iza n'iza hidresy, ny aty ny style tsy miova Tsy miala madness, ra misy fotoana mandalova tsy niova ny adresse Yes, aza manahy ny fitiavako HipHop endless Ny fahavalo mampijabaka, tsy quoi fa Jah Bless
Ny olona jiaby mihetsika, ny Jack Da gohanay seka Atsoy aho hoe Tonton Bigga, izaho tsy Gourou-ana Sekta Taloha ny "Cavs" trace-na sipa kevoka, zao lasa feno Tass tsy afaka Midofaka rehefa tsemboka, zay generation manitra Axe Rehefa manao mianatra X, sixa ho an'ny my men ao amin'ny Fianakaviana isoka, tsy ho an'izay votany fa ny tena MC Tsy ho votanisa fa otrany lava be ilay liste Ambanimbany, maninona ra mba mitady kandra na bizna
Fa otrany diso mitongizina ihany leis. eka eka Be ny MC nandra te hi-clash an-dra Bigga Fa mbola tsy nahazo lesona ihany laisany , Ambonimbony X 02 Vaovao an'ialahy, mi-Rap hono elah? Oz ny olona hoe kely sisa dia hitapy hono toi Vaovao an'ialahy, mi-racaille hono elah? Maka tsy miera fainga-tanana, tsisy fangatahana
Maninona ra mba mitady kandra na bizna Miaiky ah zay, eoa eoa Miaiky ah zay, eka eka Miaiky ah zay, eoa eoa Miaiky ah zay Vaovao an'ny tanana, tazy hono tsy tamana any Paname Zatra nihanta tamin'i mama, sady any tsisy mpanampy Papi zany ny Rap , ahodino ampitapitao
Ny mpialona sy ny zaza maditra, aleo hipitrapitra eo Fa na dia malahelo mafy, tsy afaka mody ny mpamanga Mamono eritreritra amin'ny toaka sy Rap Efa ela be no alcoolique, fiainan'alika Lety style bandy hanambady Kox, ny adala ato amiko otran'i Lalie Tsy afaka desintox, yeah Zaza Rap-Taiza sy toast, yeah Tohizo ny bosy ralahy ra toa havanana, ndry ra vo tonga volana Aza tonga any amiko, yeah tsika samy voky lainga
Fa samy matahotra ho vo-flingue, tsy maka tahaka ny firenen'i Johnny Clegg, yeah tahio so misy mifofo ny aiko, an Be ny bajo no hikonetaka Ambanimbany, maninona ra mba mitady kandra na bizna Fa mbola tsy nahazo lesona ihany laisany , Ambonimbony X 02 Vaovao an'ialahy, mi-Rap hono elah? Oz ny olona hoe kely sisa dia hitapy hono toi
Man she is hot hotter then the heaven Man i will fuck that without no condom See right now i do my thang do my thang Get money all these niggas are hating cause their A bunch of lowlifes I don't wanna talk to them Oh No no no no see me right now ridin' up In that limousine riding up in that limousine My bitch wants me she suckin' that D
Because she is a queen see me right now Im the best and you know it Rappin' like a poet Dont forget i feel blessed Yes I'm in here having a good time aye yay I'm just doing my thing aye yay Go to church and pray
Just u and me we gonna bounce these california streets one by one Just u and me hey girl whatchu trippin off on ? Just u and me get ya shit out girl See I'm gotti nigga so superbly big I'm laying niggas like carpet silk And corpse I'm extremes cuz I'll take it to the extreme newports are my favorite gasoline Henna rock I just don't start don't stop and a Glock I just won't stop won't stop I love everything Man Im just in the game and I'm so O.G. and i'm so low key all bloody Marys and Mary Jane I know me and slo calicos the rose endo endos with open endos hellascope telescope I scope A ten pole hit the one in the back that say he wanna rap but I know its just rap hes just running his trap he just posting in the back just spitting his cat while I'm posted where i'm at with a gun in my lap baby girl peep this Just u and me we keep it real gangstafied bouncing down the streets nigga just you and me
Its just me and you baby girl yea Its cracking me me you Yea hey michelangelo what's cracking Its just you and me yea my baby girl know we only fuck around with michelangelo the world might change but young gotti don't sinister verbal prime minister of flow never knew a g that was a straight busta until I met a buster that said he was a g and he was a g man this can't be I bang in the streets not just on tv. Michelangelo and gotti is the biggest thing cracking looking at these bustas like niggas had it when it comes to music is a done deal I'm stricting thru fiction is why I tell the reals with the connection to friction the poetical field the music arranged to verbal appeal separates the equator you'll find none greater michelangelo we bout to run this bitch just us nigga Just u and me we ain't takin no shorts its cracking Just u and me of in the cun newports s'cracking Just u and me hey and I'm seeing all gold cracking just you and me Hahah
You and me baby I like the way you shake it Shake it baby baby shake it You and me me and you You and me You and me me and you And young roscoe de soto fool Stop o Doing it super big! and we won't stop
"The 'Head Nigga In Charge' and shit" "Mix with the A-L-C! " "Alchemist is Dutch Schultz, P is Bumpy Johnson! " "Bumpy Johnson and Dutch Schultz - we blowin' up hoods! " "It's the return of the Mack-11, Mack-10... " Yeah! That's what I'm talkin' 'bout, man! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
That's what up! That's what up! That's that shit right here! Return of the... Click-clack! Yo, pass the weed son, nigga that's why I'm callin' that, man! Yeah! Oh, yeah, yeah!
Chuuuch... I'm BACK! Naah, I ain't talkin' 'bout pimpin' bitch! That Mack-11... 52 shot clip shit, you hear me? Man... what, whatchu thought I was doin' on this time? Bullshit? ! I'm back fo' ya head BITCH! Nigga! Ayo! This is a very special CD right here!
Uh, huh, they say that I'm radical And I should go on a sabbatical Go and take a break, go on a paper chase and escape and have a go My answer's no! I'm chained up to my Master's throne, a slave loving His Master Some of my heroes stayed in them catacombs eaten up by them animals It's radical and outrageous, look how we move, for Jesus has saved us Move with our Maker, look at our make-up
Live it out gracious, making that statement, stating Call us names, our call's the same Not to make way in the hall of fame But to pray change, it's all of grace I'm radical The way we livin' is not the usual Invisible, its incredible, I'm radical No other way I gotta let them know
I'm radical They can talk if they want They can never hold me down I'm radical, I'm radical, I'm radical, I'm radical Radical, radical Yes, I'm radical Listen I, I, I, I'm a radical
Eat that truth like an animal Spit it out, give it out, live it out, go ahead keep your eyes on my mandible I pray I never eat my words The way I'm always telling y'all to read the Word and Took my faith to places that's known for hatred for the Truth I heard, yeah They probably wan' kill Lecrae 'Cause I rep for the Christ and I preach the way I'll probably be judged for the things I say
I ain't scared of the beef though I eat fillet I ain't backin' down, I ain't backin' out Anything for the King is my rational U.K. to the A, S.O. unashamed, holla 1:16, be a radical The way we livin' is not the usual Invisible, its incredible, I'm radical No other way I gotta let them know They can talk if they want
Kid: Fuck you! G: What'd you just say? Kid: Shut the fuck up! G: come on before i beat your little ass you little sucker Kid: get your ass of the couch G: what I tell you bout turnin' that? this my couch, your mom's know you talk like that huh? Kid: you're not my daddy G: I'll knock your daddy out
Kid: he would fuck you up G: punk ass daddy, you got a lotta problems, you know that little boy? Mom: Is everything OK in there? G: Yeah everything alright in here, we just chillin' G: Seniority Mom: OK just checkin' G: back to you you little motherfuck, i should just paint your ass Kid: ....mother fucker
Lead us to the promised land And we will build up on this land Until we free all Black man Iron man Lead us to the promised land Teach us how to make our plan Through love and economic plan Living out Allah god plan
And we will build up on this land Until we free all Black man Iron man Teach us how to make our plan Through love and economic plan Living out Allah's god plan Congratulations Ironman, the entire free world is proud of you You'll be happy to know there is hope
All them girls with the cheeks where you at? All them girls with the cheeks where you at? Make em holler encore when it clap Coke bottle shape, European model face The way I make it shake, making money I'll take some Rude girl running like a race, got them gold metal legs and my mind second place Bend it over to the front Put your fingers on ya toes
If you got a fat back where you at let me know huh So fat it just sit up on my back Got you begging me to sit it in ya lap Make em holler uncle when it clap Put her out with it go and touch it but don't put your hands on it If it's big enough watch me do a dance on it I said MJ thriller dance flow killer wanna bake this cake gotta add more striller huh It's talking like dealer iggy igg aka the Balmain jean filler
Wanna tell me bout it but they don't hear me though I let it talk to you but you don't hear me tho Now bend it over to the front Got your fingers on your toes If you got a fat back where you at lemme know huh So fat can't you sit up on my back Now all my girls with the cheeks make it twerk Now all my girls with the cheeks make it twerk
Never said whats on your mind Now the secrets come to light Thinking how I was so blind Underestimated worth, and I guess it's for the worst Now you see me out with cover girls and girl I know it hurts That's how you feel You go out and drink and hop behind the wheel How you having business dates and go and stick me with the bill
All the times you needed saving say my name you know I will Now look at me, fresh to death and man that's word to Uncle Phil Once I found out what you lied bout I went Winehouse and that's real Said you were flying out to your mom's house You need a timeout, to just chill Funny how I'm never crossing your mind Tables have turned now I'm crossing the line
Fall came around you were falling behind Then you made a web and got caught in your lies, cuzzi You just too good to be true You just too good to be true Couldn't tell me the truth Now I put the blaming on I put the blaming on you Couldn't tell me the truth
Now I put the blaming on I put the blaming on you Now my new girl so light skinned Tried to tell me she don't like women I'm backstage, I need 9 minutes I'mma be the man till my time finish Makeup on my white linen Her insides on my white denim
Poison Ivy with the lights dimming She sucked me dry like she likes venom I need a whiskey sour, with the light lemon Young Kane with these white women Young Kane when my ice glisten I'm a jaguar with my night vision I made you a promise that I'd hold you down Felt out of touch, you were feeling it too
Mercedes: It's Ray-Ray. And i'm tired of Ray-Ray's bullshit. I'm tired of ... Listen Jerry listen, I won't be asking for much. This fat motherfucker every now and then to fucking wash my feet and maybe take the wax out of my ears Jerry: Well you should've married a Q-Tip! Ray-Ray: Ayo, hold up, hold up, hold up ya'll! Let me say something hold up. Maybe I will wash her feet sometimes if she was the real woman Jerry: How real do you have to be to get your feet washed? Ray-Ray: Shit, I'm realer than that bitch Jerry: Calm down, calm down. I'm just kidding. Uhhm well Ray-Ray I believe that Mercedes has brought you all the way down here to tell you something. Now Mercedes what is it that you have to tell Ray-Ray? Mercedes: Well Jerry, I feel since Ray-Ray has been neglecting me. I feel that I had to get out and get another man Jerry: Another man. Well, would you all like to see, what's his name?
Mercedes: Stewart Jerry: Stewart. Would you all like to see Stewart? Let's bring out Stewart. Welcome, Stewart to the show. OK, OK, OK. Now, Stewart, you're in love with Mercedes. What's going on with that? Let us know, talk to us Stewart: Yes, I am in love with her. Uh, and I feel that Ray-Ray mistreats her and I'm the better man, Jerry, I am, I love her Ray-Ray: Hold up, hold up, hold up Jerry. This motherfucker works with me Jerry: Looks like someone's been doing a little bit of overtime Ray-Ray: Hold up, hold up, hold up. Now, Jerry, I been taking your shit all show: them smart-ass remarks, and that shit. From the audience, and then... Mercedes: Ray-Ray! Ray-Ray: Shut up bitch. Don't you say nothing, I had enough of your shit. Cause, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for your stinkin' ass. Now, I think is about time that I let you...
Wind to this Do what you love Yo jump, stomp, stomp, stomp Jump, jump Or dump, dump Stomp, stomp.. Jump-jump Or stomp
Jusssst stomp jump Pump and reach, you can jump Stomp, pump and reach, you can jump Jump, stomp Pump and reach, you can jump Stomp, pump and reach, you can reach... STOMP!! Dump, stomp Jump jump jump.. stomp stomp stomp..
-- Mr. Carter April 26, 2015 Tidal is doing just fine. We have over 770,000 subs. We have been in business less than one month. #TidalFacts -- Mr. Carter April 26, 2015 The iTunes Store wasn't built in a day. It took Spotify 9 years to be successful... We are here for the long haul. Please give us a chance to grow & get better. #TidalFacts There are many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign. We are not anti-anyone, we are pro-artist & fan. #TidalFacts We made Tidal for fans. We have more than just music. We have video, exclusive concerts, tickets for events early, live sports!... ....Tidal is where artists can give their fans more without the middlemen. #TidalFacts
Indie artists who want to work directly w/ us keep 100% of their music. "If you don't want the CEOs all in the videos" haa #tidalfacts Tidal pays 75% royalty rate to ALL artists, writers and producers - not just the founding members on stage Rich getting richer? Equity values... YouTube $390 billion. Apple $760 billion. Spotify $8 billion. Tidal $60 million. #TidalFacts My cousin just moved to Nigeria to discover new talent. Tidal is a global company We have Tidal X - it supports artists by giving them a platform to connect with their most loyal fans. Tidal is for all. #Tidalfacts Our actions will speak louder than words. We made Tidal to bring people the best experiences... And to help artists give that to their fans over and over again... We are human . We aren't perfect - but we are determined. #TidalFacts
Girl I know what your friends say, what do you think? They're all single anyway So what do they know about love, love, love, love, love And what a relationship it takes? Girl I've been watchin' you, know what you wanna do I can see clearly now, clearly now Girl I've been listenin', know that you're interested Why aren't you mine right now?
Why aren't you mine? Why aren't you mine? Why aren't you mine right now? Girl why aren't you mine? Girl I get money the fast way, up in the middle of the trap way Crack way, I'mma bad thang, I'mma bad boy, no Diddy Young king in my city, this war ain't gonna be pretty And I would be a little sore if you ain't tryna run with me
But I stretch before I flex, young Ken Griffey We all make mistakes, we all trip, but I don't want a girl who just wants me when I'm big When everything evens out, and it's not so quick No court, no drive by shootings in my whip Need a girl who gon' catch if I pitch, and when the boys ask about me, ain't sayin' shit And if that's you, and I really think it is, then the only question is Girl why aren't you mine? I hear what they say whenever I'm not around, I keep my ears to the streets, even when I'm out of town
Some of the people in my city really want to hold me down But the people that want to see me get out, there's a larger amount So I ain't mad at that math, I can count I can admit that I became a pimp when it hit the drought, but it jaded me a bit for my life takin' that route Gray days, now my son startin' to peak through the clouds 'Cause my son startin' to scream through the house Wanna play with me through the house, instead of his Xbox and his Wii through the house It makes me cry a bit, it makes me smile
A kid couldn't walk through the house while I was trap, in and out of lockdown I couldn't be sure who was watchin' my child Day after day I chase the same caring Bullets whizzin' by, they ain't brush us Doin' unjust things to get justice, and evil was living amongst us I worked so hard for this life that isn't mine yet I'm sayin, "Oh God, is it time yet?" But wdould I die if I tried to hold my breath?
I humble myself, as I bow to your throne Heavenly Father Before I sleep I pray to the Lord My soul to keep and if I should die Before I wake, I pray to the Lord My soul to take for Goodness sake Before I sleep I pray to the Lord My soul to keep and if I should die
Before I wake, I pray to the Lord My soul to take Yeah, I wrote my will just the other week It was funny, it was only one sheet And I know there's only one me But I hope I am everything my son needs I try and live right, stay on the drum beat But I'm in the fast lane, in the front seat
I wonder, will I lose control of the Maserati And hit some tree, just being young me? Is there a heaven for G's and soldiers? I can't go to hell, 'cause I'd take over I feel it approachin' but I ain't scared I made that bed and I should rest in peace My soul to take for Goodness sake My soul to take
Yeah, and everytime I see the sun shine I drop down and give thanks at least one time Feeling like I'm living on the frontline I'm feeling like every second is crunch time I've had breakfast, will I make it to lunchtime? And I ain't joking so don't be looking for punchlines Will I be the next victim of a gun crime? I don't know the answer, that's why I brung mine
Riding by myself late at night So when I do I should sleep tight In peace I rest Bury me a gangster 'cause that's what I live Don't cry for me I gave the best I could give I can only do me, so that's what I did And I cherish every breathe of my kid And I don't wanna go before she grow, that ain't cool
But in this game of life I don't make the rules Shit, so that's why I get twisted So I can't feel it when it hits me And my moms don't need that owner But I see death around the corner And if he, so I just gotta make my way around the block You gotta answer the door when he knock Belee that
Just walking my mind, walking my mind Yeah, I could call but I know I don't have to 'Cause I'm doing alright, feeling alright But I'm affected by your energy wave Like dynamite, we exploding, you take me away You eject me in to outer space You been lighting me up, you been lighting me up, babe Ooh, girl, you got that magic
Put boys in a constant panic Combat boots and a combat jacket Drinking every night, eating all organic Tomboy, you could be Tom's girl if you want, girl Tell me what you want, girl Bookshelf full of Philip K. Dick and Orwell So of course I fell, I'm only mortal Your addictions, contradictions
Always lying, politicians For a rich girl, poor decisions But when you visit, it's all forgiven And you know I'm feeling strong for ya I mean honey, I'd accompany ya I make you sing like the opera And your body go la-la-la, yeah, la-la-la But I'm affected by your energy wave
Like dynamite, we exploding, you take me away You eject me in to outer space You been lighting me up, you been lighting me up, babe Oo-oo-oo-oo-oo Oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo Oo-oo-oo-oo-oo Cutie, I think I want your cooties So stop not doing me and do me
Ay, used to get the red eye back from far reaches Sleepless and all the doubt could not reach us My friends said that you've moved on, that's just the best Me, I stay high all the time like young Kiedis Fucked on drugs, softer then an apple in a plane Then I come down like a gavel in a case Everyone watch me unravel, that's okay I'm in the club not dancing with the amyl in my face, like
I've done alright up 'til now It's the light of that shows me how When the night falls My loneliness calls Yeah, last week I went around to my new girl's She ain't even new but she just ain't you, girl We'd been fuckin' for some weeks, but it just ain't grew well She said, "You got a heart, but it just ain't useful"
I got girls that are cuter than shirt buttons, baby And relationships these days are perilous, baby But when the curtains draw on this performance, baby I need a man who'll take a chance On a love that burns hot enough to last So when the night falls My lonely heart calls To hold me, his arms
Look at how the wrist glow along with a sick flow Bitches hitting switches on my dick like a '64 Swisha sweet, full of dro, no need to pull a ho Fit so high, most niggas steal it out the Gucci store Kicks so fly, I really like 'em so I'm buying four Been had swag, hoes been sweating me since '94 Get my Frank Lucas on, furry hat, minx coat Pink loc', light up my room like I'm a rainbow
She know, she getting down that's what she came for Cocky and confident, I'm street, what I'mma change for Keep a dime piece but only eat on my main ho Champagne Range but I ain't lift up the doors though Platinum credit cards, feel addicted to bank rolls though Gangsta everybody know, gangstas be at every show Niggas say they gangsta but if you gangsta what you tell 'em for? Get 'em Boosie
You see who's real BJ Beats Oh girl I been looking for somebody who gon' hold me down in this cold world Where you girl? Oh Oh girl, she don't love me like she say she do Oh girl, she don't love me like she say she do She don't love me like
Oh-woah, she don't love me like she say she do Woah, she don't love me like she say she do Oh-woah, she don't love me like she say she do Tuesday, I feel a difference in her kisses Wednesday, we sex, we argue when we finish Thursday she trippin', club all night Friday Stand by me, Whitney and Bobby, be my rock, girl Paparazzi, no freedom but at the house, girl
And baby, I don't wanna leave ya, baby, I don't wanna leave But baby, I don't really need ya either Front of Harlem, scared to love Perfect career, perfect face and that ass, ooh, I'm scared of her Got too much to lose doin' you but you worth it If we make it we deserve it Oh girl I been looking for somebody who gon' hold me down in this cold world
Where you girl? Oh She don't love me like Said oh-woah, she don't love me like she say she do Oh-oh-oh, she don't love me like she say she do Oh, she don't love me like she say she do She say she me ride or die but she barely smile Went to prison, you actin' different, where you at now? I need a soldier, someone real , someone to come get me
When all odds against me, I need a Navy Seal If that you can't do, you don't love me like you say you do Loyalty and honesty, the only way we make it through Sometimes, she be sweet as cotton candy But most time, she look at me like she can't stand me I need sunshine, a bad chick to make me happy Sex me keep me laughin ', text me somethin' nasty System against me, the world call me an outcast
Calling you to see how that joint, you know'm'sayin', came out I'd like to introduce myself It's Big L I'd like to introduce myself It's Big L Ayo, spark up the phillies and pass the stout Make it quick money grip or your ass is out In a street brawl, I strike men quicker than lightning
You seen what happened in my last fight friend? A'ight, then L's a clever threat, a lyricist who never sweat Comparing yourself to me is like a Benz to a Chevrolette And clown rappers I'm bound to slay I'm saying hi to all the cuties from around the way Yeah cause I got all of them sprung, Jack My girls are like boomerangs No matter how far I throw 'em they come back
I'm coming straight out the NYC I'm down with Diggin' In The Crates and I'm MVP The most valuable poet on the M.I.C I said if rap was a game he'd be MVP The most valuable poet on the M.I.C Yo, it's a must that I get papes Peace to all the DJ's who gave me love on they mixtapes And once again the man's back with a dance track
So here's your chance Jack to get loose and let your hands clap I got juice like Boku, mad crews I broke through Brothers be mad 'cause I hit more chicks than they spoke to And every time I'm jammed I always find a loophole I got a crime record longer than Manute Bol And my raps are unbelievable like aliens and flying saucers No more iron horses 'cause I'm buying Porsches Coming straight out the NYC
Peace to the Kid Capri, I'm MVP If rap was a game he'd be MVP I said if rap was a game he'd be MVP Battles, I lose none, I make crews run I get fools done, got ten fingers but only use one I run up like Machine Gun Kelly with a black skully Put one in your belly, leave you smelly, then take your Pelle Pelle I'm the neighborhood lamper, punani vamper
Mess around you'll find my silk boxers in your mommy's hamper And nowadays girls want you for your money I'm like Hev, I got nothing but love for you, honey And since I'm looking slick and my pockets are thick I need surgery to get chicks removed from my I'm coming straight out the NYC Rap's my J-O-B, and I'm MVP Big L
I'm trying to swerve, I'm trying to swerve And all these bitches follow me, they never learn I'm just trying to swerve You see the style, you smell the herb I'm trying to swerve, I'm trying to swerve And all these bitches follow me, they never learn Baby come and get it, this is how I'm living Got some pussy at the party then I leave the next minute
Malt liquor sippin, the weed that I'm hittin Make these girls go crazy when I just stick the tip in Ay yo, I know of another party For sure, let's go These bitches looking sorry Alright tonight We're swerving through the city My suit all white
Bitch I'm looking crispy You know I get the cherries poppin' White dude with the attitude, not from Compton So smooth and silky, leave the panties sopping Your pussy's still screaming "that dude was awesome" I ain't got no wife, I ain't got no kids You ain't got no life but you got a baby dick I never been polite, acting like a prick
Spitting in your drink then I'm spitting at your chick I told your girl to come peep it, 8 inches that you needed Tell all your girlfriends everything, no need to keep it secret Pull up in the Prius, European features Tell me why's the guy with the big truck always gotta small penis? Just wanna talk shit, fuck what you heard Get bounced on bitch, I just wanna swerve Your chick's thick, she got curves
Put your ass on mute And no you ain't cute I'm finna shoot I'm just trying to toot it then boot it And you knew it This is my Porno drank Porno drank x2 Pour no drink
Bitches pussy stink Need more pink I don't know if you heard From a lil bird That we got purp Pussy boi get hurt Skert skert Boi get merc
Well put your ass in the dirt Then squirt squirt After me and your girl flirt She is my dessert So you better stay on alert Wit you polo shirt This is my porno drank Porno drank x2
My motherfucking porn drank Came straight from the bank After I shot frank That bitch thought the gun was blank Nah I don't prank Just shank I'm that higher rank And duh I don't like them skank
Came with my whole gang 20 of us walked up Fuck you mean you need to see ID? What you mean? Bitch you got me fucked up Have the owner come and get me Talkin' shit, you tryna start what? Better have the bottles ready
If not, bitch you got me fucked up Bitch you got me fucked up Spillin' drinks on my retros Chill, chill you makin' a mess hoe As I take a look down, they all scuffed up I'ma tell 'em like, bitch you got me fucked up Who got the blow? Shit, I'm tryna buy Fuck that, this shit ain't even get me high
And my dealer got the drugs But he on some bullshit, bitch you got me fucked up Where the fuck's my other bottle though? The DJ is actin' like a hoe You ain't got no G in your Serato hoe? I walk up and say "Bitch you got me fucked up" 20 of us walked up Fuck you mean you need to see ID?
What you mean? Have the owner come and get me Talkin' shit, you tryna start what? Better have the bottles ready If not, bitch you got me fucked up No one saw me doin' this People can't decide how they're viewin' this I don't know, Gerald wouldn't do this shit
Say what? Bitch you got me fucked up She keeps actin' like she's tryna fuck Took her home just to find out what? Fuck you mean i'ts that time of month? Say what? Bitch you got me fucked up Uh, I'm doin' 60 in a 35 Uh, I'm in the Rari, I'm just tryna drive Cops pull me over, say, "Sir are you drunk or high?"
Tryna find your way back to VIP We all know me sorry you're a groupie And that means you gets no money from me Tryna chase after the fame, you're a groupie This club is getting crazy I swear I'm about to leave soon Groupies finna make it to the VIP soon Some new locks we'll need soon They damn near pushing breaking down the door to the green room
Security where you at? we need assistance 30 gold diggers and they blocking off the entrance Tryna catch a glimpse like I swear their sixth sense is Always know where we finna be and these bitches are crazy Die hard, full of ambition A seven nation army couldn't stop their mission With 007 precision they be on us And they ain't giving up until the mission is accomplished
Never work alone now, always work with an accomplice Got they co-workers with them pros never novice But on the real tip if I'm honest Man these groupies work so damn hard I'm astonished Following the stardom wherever we be Tryna find your way back to VIP We all know me sorry you're a groupie And that means you gets no money from me
Tryna chase after the fame, you're a groupie She'll do anything for me if I tell her do chores Take your clothes off mommy go and lose yours Told them straight up we don't like loose whores And no lie it's really that deep Tryna get backstage trying to creep Kicking till they try to find a plot to get in Yelling at the bouncer talking 'bout "I know him"
I would walk down the streets strapped with two nines Bitch smacking, jacking niggas, G dub stacking figures Police drive by, I was click clacking triggers Jay De Lucas put me with the fam to grow I was a boss amongst white boys rocking the 'fro I had hoes, bankrolls and minks by the dozen My rise to power was quick, they just wasn't Tryna make me a made man, they fucked up the game plan
I blacked out on them and started my own clan Black Gambino, black suits, black Syndicate My crime fam was tight, every move was intricate The coke was brought in from bad Colombian mules Gorgeous women that I draped down in jewels Streets fight started, mafia wars in Italy Crime fam against fam and no one could do diddly Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes Follow no family rules, rules are for fools Fuck the law of fam, it's the law of land You don't like how I movin' then try to force my hand I'm moving keys, them DeLucas couldn't touch my pianos Putting pressure on them Gambinis and Verrazanos They love my money, they hate to see a nigga getting it Selling drugs is taboo, but I ain't fucking sweating it
The dirt gotta get done so I took my position One day I'm just Black Tone with a lot of ambition Next I got status, dinners with all courses Flights in and out of the country, they getting nauseous Money, power, respect; rise of the black suits Talk shit behind my back, but to my face salute Hugs and handshakes, they can't stop my reign Got the coconut, pilots bringing shit on their plane
I'm not backing down I never knew the girl would have me out here trippin' I thought I was different, I thought I was pimpin' I thought I was whippin' 'til that pussy whipped me I save all her text messages I smell her panties while she in the bathroom And taste whatever she left in them I take pictures of her when she not lookin'
Study 'em microscopically Marry me and then bury me And then bury her on top of me, I'm Psycho You got me psycho Baby, commit me I'm not backing down Girl, I'm so crazy for you
I left my old lady for you Now she done went crazy Well, she gon' be waitin' 'Cause she know I'm crazy 'bout you You got me all psychotic Girl, I'm your patient I'm just tryna kick it wit' ya And I don't even know karate
But I know cr-azy Crazy 'bout her attitude Crazy 'bout her shampoo Jealous of her shadow dude I'm crazy Crazy 'bout her vaginal and every other avenue Jump without a parachute, I'm crazy Should've said I never do
If she says pleasurable Then it's my pleasure, boo You ain't gotta never move Lookin' all edible And I'm ready when you're ready to You already knew Girl, you already know Addicted to your love, a motherfucker need a Betty Ford
You gon' have to cut me off with a sword And if you ever leave me, I ain't leavin' nothin' but a note While I'm hangin' from the second floor And when you don't come home Then it's vroom-vroom, boom-boom Nigga ridin' 'round checkin' doors, oh Lord Psycho You got me psycho
Come on, lets go get some chicken nuggets I love you Because I hug you and I have a tickle button Yeah, I love it so much I just want your face to explode on my body I just want you to feel like you're in a And so I just want you to know That I'll go to Mcdonalds I'll get a soda for you
And maybe get some chicken nuggets and go poo Get some soda and some sprite Oh I love chicken nuggets And I want to know how you feel But if you know how its wrong Then I can make you feel like its right Oh baby You know you'll feel nice tonight
Come on feeling okay in my hands tonight Lets get a chicken nugget Go fishing Like we named our child timmy Oh yeah Oh yeah Chicken nuggets I love chicken nuggets a little bit more than you
Unleash one million faces And one by one they fall! Black-hearted evil Brave-hearted hero I am all, I am all I am I am! Here we go buddy, here we go buddy, here we go, here we go buddy Here we go!
Go ahead and try to see through me Do it if you dare One step forward Two steps back I'm here! Do it, do it, do it, do it! Can you see all of me? Walk into my mystery
Step inside and hold on for dear life! Do you remember me? Capture you or set you free I am all, I am all of me! My hands will crush them all You think you have the answer I laugh and watch you fall! Black hearted evil
Brave hearted hero I am all, I am all I am I am! Here we go buddy, here we go buddy, here we go, here we go buddy Here we go! Go ahead and try to see through me Do it if you dare One step forward
Two steps back I'm here Do it, do it, do it, do it! Can you see all of me? Walk into my mystery Step inside and hold on for dear life Do you remember me? Capture you or set you free?
What'cha doing sending sisters to the other side? It's hard enough, hard enough What'cha doing with the cam, with the cam in your hand? While they're walking here, here to follow you What'cha doing with the cam, what you can with the cam? Just blow it up, blow it up It's easy Come back
True love Every night, every night It's easy Come back Gone, but Single now, single now What'cha doing with the cam that you can't put down? 'Cause then you're walking
You're playing cool to get But what you can't get, get a man can't forget Take a cool pair, I'm a nice devil What'cha doing with the cat that you can't believe? I don't love myself, I call child police Oh, what'cha doing with the cat that you can't believe? Just blow it up True love
Look, wait a minute Tell 'em I got the Juice By the way Look, wait a minute By the way Look Ain't nobody fuckin' with me Never been afraid of a nigga
Got a little change, they done changed on a nigga Turn my music up, make it bang for me nigga They ain't never ever trynna help me But I bet they never gon' forgive me look Roll that dough, pour that drink Finger to the sky give a damn of what you think It's my time, y'all gotta wait Do it like me, man you know that you can't, look I
Keep it hundred 24/7 nigga, you You be on the side line wishin' nigga, I Always keep it real with my crew And you give a damn what to do Cause I got the juice Wait a minute Look It didn't had to be like this
Why they made me like this Used to look around for change Now you should see my wrist Boy you should see my bitch Talk, you gon' meet my fist And anybody ever hated on me Fuck you you can read my lips! Roll that dough, pour that drink
Finger to the sky give a damn of what you think It's my time, y'all gotta wait Do it like me, man you know that you can't, look I Keep it hundred 24/7 nigga, you You be on the side line wishin' nigga, I Always keep it real with my crew And you give a damn what to do Cause I got the juice
Shit, it's early nigga It's like ten o clock Hand me some of that liquor Fuck it Ayo im gonna go get some more of that shit Yeah it's time! Yeah Thug life nigga!
What time is it? Ah yeah time to get my drink on Time to get my drink on Yeah, time to get my drink on Time to get my drink on baby! Yeah, time to get my drink on Time to get my drink on babe!!! Time to get my drink on yeah!
"Move with the groove, smooth like that" "Move with the groove, smooth like that, and now we..." "Move with the groove, smooth like that" Can't waste this moment. Once we lose it, gone forever Instead of "what if...," wish we could clone it. You and me We could own it, transform it and frame it. If we Moving, step together, synced in perfect arrangements, so what you Aiming for? I'm humbled, more settled these days, but I
Find you very stimulating. An amateur melted In your laser-hot gaze, cool vibes, flowing with you Wading in the waves, breast-stroking in the fresher you I'm just thinking to see while he thinking on me On the way back to Queens, muumuu, black leather seats Munchies? Let's grab some meats. On the run like two thieves Time to kill, the night young, love just moving, Ali As if I was cast to play your missus in the story
Like a period plays the end of sentences This ain't the end--this the genesis. Appreciate you Honorable mention, dedication, let the music make ya... Might need to take a breather. Mint condition love You send me swinging, you don't wanna stop me neither Still move staccato frame-to-frame after the tune Speed up, closing in, tonight's the night--this the lead up I could let you push my buttons. I'll pull your leavers
And you're so potent, when you're gone, a strong impression still Lingers. Then a string of thoughts always bring me back: he's a trap You could find me residing in his lap Ready to bounce with you like we purse on struts and Slingshot to a locale where we could slow it down. Deep stares No crowds. I'll be down to work it out, have your People get at my people. Gone too long, I fiend you And I'm on one right now, blame the moonlight and the cheeba
And I am reverent Durag And know, I won't do's ya wrong, I always do's ya right And now it's time for that offering So now, I'm finna pass around this plate And I ga--want you guys to put in those dollar bills You know, I don't want no change, I want the 10's and 20's No 1s, no 5s, just 10s, 20s, 50s of course 'Cause I--a reverent's tryna come up, you know
'Cause he's driving that 1963 Falcon convertible And I wanna be driving something nice like a 1991 Bentley Turbo I know you wanna see the reverent driving the nice car You don't wanna nobody out there bad-mouthing the reverent and everything So I want you to put in that money, you know Because there's a lot of things out there that you guys don't have And that's Eazy Can I hear you say "Eazy"? Two times, can I hear you say "Eazy, Eazy"?
Are you down or you not? Do you wanna go? Are you down or you not? I just wanna know I ain't listening to no one I'm just drowning them out Bout to dip, are you coming with me? People staring like it's something to see
Come jump in the sea, you come fuck with me My ex is tripping, what else is new? Yeah that's just a selfish view Same issues that I'm not tryna help her through Behaviors always jealous like, fuck you expect me to do? Texting at two, I only got this one question for you Know I'm impatient, but I just want you Cause I can't see tonight ending at two I know I'm faded, but so are you too
Oh I don't know where I'm gonna go All I really know is I want you to come with me Do you wanna go? I ain't listening to no one I'm just drowning them out How much time I be spending to chase I be chilling, I'm not sprinting a race I mean, of course, she knowing less in the case
Could tell from clothes to drugs she had the most expensivest taste Both designer, I hope I find her, let's get higher than higher I see her, I eye her, like nothing in this world matters prior Listen, y'all chasing chicks, I'm asking why like I'm Jadakiss Accept her naked pics make other girls look the basicest, so I know this isn't your usual form Just play it safe, try avoiding the storm I know it's cold but that whiskey is warm
Swiss francs, Euros, get it in Want Pounds, oh, I love Benjamins Just start off work, I had a slave shift At work all night, I had a grave shift Money lookin' real good, just got a check 'Bout to spend this, I don't want nothin' left Imma take me a shot when they play this Cause I worked too hard to say this
My boss tryna stress me out My girl tryna stress me out At work they won't let me out But I got a lotta money in my bank account Dedicated to the educated One-billion now, you could say I made it At shows for a hundred-thou', I graduated Skated like a nigga at the X Games
Into telecommunication, my niggas, see? That's my next game S got the best game That's why I get more than the rest, mane It's a chess game You niggas playin' checkers Add some more cheese to my burger I'm a rich nigga She choosin', your girl like me
All this money, I don't know what to do with it She twerkin', love the way she do it Get it, girl, get it, girl Throw it back, throw it back, get with it, girl Drank liquor, now you bent You lookin' for a nigga that can pay your rent My pockets ain't on slim You say you want a nigga and I might be him
I always chased my dreams I know Ima do my thing I know Ima do my thing So please don't stand in my way I know where I'm supposed to be I hope ya'll walk with me So what you lookin at me for Maybe if you opened up your mind then you would see more
Maybe if you voted every time there wouldn't be war For the people who don't see hope The same ones who workin everyday for a zero Salary, hourly, but ain't nothin free tho Ima take over the world and I'm a be ya hero I do this for the people, not treated equal But like somethin' you can see through I never leave yo', even if I never meet yo'
To the women who don't believe in themselves I believe yo' I always chased my dreams So please don't stand in my way I know where I'm supposed to be I'm at the point where I've had it with all the drama So I'm a count 'em all up and send a letter to Obama Tell 'em that I hate the way that I be livin' right now So I'm a find a way to change it or I just might drown right now
And maybe, I just wanna go away And I wonder who would notice if I go today But then again I got a dream and so I gotta stay Wanna know how I'm feelin' I say "walk with me" Ya, and I'm reachin for the stars now I'm just hopin I don't slip and I don't fall down And I don't see a point in putting up a wall now So I'm a let you in and spread the love all around
Oaktown in the house Niggas goin' { gun shot} huh Rich Town in the house Motherfuckers goin' { gun shot} huh South Central's in the house Motherfuckers goin' { gun shot} huh Houston, Texas can you feel me go { gun shot} huh Springfield, Queens in the house
Young gunz in the motherfuckin' house let me ya hear ya go { gun shot} huh Can ya feel it motherfuckers go { gun shot} huh Rated R in the motherfuckin' house look out, look out { gun shot} { gun shot} huh Roadrunner get 'em {gun shot} huh D-Lo smoke 'em { gun shot} huh Madness you Bad Boy huh why enemy I'm comin', I'm comin', I'm comin' ah ah they goin' { gun shot} I need a gangsta bitch 'less they kept it go { gun shot} huh
Can you feel it? boo yaaaa they go { gun shot} Ayo fuck the police we goin' { gun shot} In 93 you find 'em dead { gun shot} huh Two shots in the head, hear me? { gun shot} huh we gives a fuck { gun shot} huh Bloods and the Crip , pisssh huh we goin' { gun shot} Did you hear me Bloods and Crip , pissh huh we goin' { gun shot} Yeah, fuck the police we goin' { gun shot}
Your parents are out of town? Well i'll be at your house in a few And i don't care if we just drive around As long as i'm next to you You're tellin me you know of a party And that it's gonna be gnarly But girl i'd rather watch netflix Cause all i wanna do
Is be alone with you Cause i think you're the bestest, yeah I don't care what everyone's doin' It's just me and you (I got no plans if you don't, babe I got no plans if you don't, babe) And when we're all alone Think of the things that we could do
And I know you wanna stay long And this party's poppin' but I got a better plan; We could fall in love I don't think that it'll take long I just wanna chill and sing along to that one song Sing along to that one song She could drink whatever but she loves Jack Daniels I wanna get out this party and go home and light some candles
These people are too much for me to handle, yeah You're sorta hipster, I grew up on punk rock And I know how to party when I be goin' I don't stop But tonight, girl I don't want no one else I want you all to myself So if you with it let's get it We could be gone in a minute Then light it up and we split it, aye
This gon' be a night that you won't be forgettin' If you get caught we'll tell your dad You needed help with house sittin' aye I don't care what everyone's doin' It's just me and you And when we're all alone Think of the things that we could do And i know you wanna stay long
And this party's poppin' but i got a better plan; We could fall in love I don't think that it'll take long I just wanna chill and sing along to that one song Sing along to that one song Let me sing it to you all night long We be makin' love with the lights on It don't matter baby if it's right wrong
Say you want me; right now I just want a freak in the Jeep right now Take it down, what's up? Bet your girls hating on me, so what? I just want a freak in the Jeep Freak in the Jeep , Freak in the Jeep Freak in the yeah Freak in the Jeep , Freak in the Jeep
Freak in the Jeep yeah yeah Let me keep it real for a minute I been starin' at your body all night long Girl, you so fine and you so fly I don't wanna wait 'till we get home In the front seat or the back seat Anywhere you want, you just ask me Been a freak and you still one
Bet you never had a real one So pull over, right now I just want a freak in the Jeep right now Don't say much, girl, pipe down These boys all talk, you find that they all hype Even the best that you had was just alright So let your friends what they wanna Cause they ain't about to get it like you gonna
Say you want me.. Have it your way, now it's my way On a small street or a highway In a drive through or a driveway I'mma take my time babe, make you say my name We ain't stopping until the wheels fall off And 'till the cops come and we still go long You be thugging like I do when I love that
But you and me, you just tell me when you want that I'mma pull that Jeeper, don't be shy girl, speak up I'mma have you with your feet up every time that we link up You like the way I talk, let me keep it smooth for a minute So let your friends say what they wanna Cause they ain't 'bout to get it like you gonna I'mma pull that Jeeper, don't be shy, girl, speak up I'mma have you with your feet up every time that we link up
I like codeine chilled You better check the seal Niggas make phony deals Can't trust these hoes for real New money and old for real My passport stamped, you local You stayin' broke, you loco You chase the puss, Manolo
I stamped the pack like Zorro I'm from the dirty grumble Y'all bitches shy and mumble Our bitches freak and humble High as a kite in here I snuck some white in here Pick what you like, my friend Then give me that bread, my nigga
Behind my back, he's doing something Whatever happened to loyalty I used to be the one; now I'm nothing How could you go and do this to me No one could ever love you better than me You know it's true Inside my heart is slowly breaking How could he do this to me
I don't know Who is this stranger beside me? Inside my heart is slowly breaking I bet you thought that you can go and play me But I ain't foolish you shouldn't mistake me I'll turn your world upside down There's bite marks on his hands and neck His clothes are dirty he shows no regrets
I look in his phone there's a picture of a girl Who I don't know, I don't know So what the fuck! What the fuck! So what the fuck! You're not who you used to be He's in the shower washing her blood off his body I know what he's doing His secrets I will keep He said that girl wasn't the first to die
It all makes sense, and now I know why He's a killer A serial killer He's a killer As long as he still loves me Loves me This whole time I thought he was out playing me In reality, I've always been his baby
I pop like I pulled out my weight in some luggage These hoes steady buggin' My phone steady buzzin' I think it's the plug finna drop off a dozen Now I got money they can't tell me nothing Now I got money they can't tell me nothing I hopped in the cutlass I hopped out a bucket
I pop like I pulled out my weight in some luggage These hoes steady buggin' My phone steady buzzin' I think it's the plug finna drop off a dozen Right off the back all these niggas be frontin' Now I got money, they can't tell me nothin' Get that gut feeling, you know that they comin' Hopped out the cutlass and hopped in the bucket
Running your mouth, you'll get popped in your nugget You had the ball and you dropped it then fuck it I open up shop on the block and I crush it Don't let yourself be the next Kiss opponent No, I ain't driving but yeah, bitch, I own it Usually niggas get caught in the moment I showed them a style and they just went and cloned it Whole ones, half ones, even zips movin'
We ain't gon' even talk 'bout the bricks movin' Rock a gold sky dweller and a thick Cuban Gave away more hits than Rick Rubin Hard times come, you just gotta get through 'em These lil niggas got a lotta shit brewin' Feds get involved then a lotta shit ruined Used to spit at niggas, now I spit through 'em I don't wash clothes, nigga, I just get new ones
Real boss niggas, it be hard to get to 'em Yeah, real low on these suckers I walked out the trap house and hopped in the cutlass Where I'm from, ain't nothing but survival Before nigga pray, they gon' pick up that rifle Before niggas sleep, they gon' camp out and snipe you Wipe you off face of the earth, your face on a shirt I've been through, that phantom fly back to that place where I'm from
But not happy when they took my brother, the government kidnap But shit, I ain't just talking, I ain't just rappin', said it really happened That's why I get on shit you with and I vomit I don't give a fuck, you know how extra comin' It's beef, I'm at you and I might at ya woman I make it look like you put time in for nothin' Don't make no sudden movements 'round me, I'm clutchin' These niggas had to see the money I'm touchin'
Now I'm waiting for my high to come down This girl popped her some Bam-Bam Now she waiting for her high to come down Come down, come down We just waiting for her high to come down Got a zip-lock of that in the backwood Boy I'm up all night, I'm Dracula hustling my racks up Red and Homie smoke more than Cheech & Chong homie, yeah nigga, that's us
When I'm out on the West Coast, my little niggas say "Yo, relax cuz" Rolling up that green crack, that grandaddy, and XO Got a dancer that love my baby so I'ma leave her with strep throat I'm a asshole on the mic, I think I was born as a test tube Y'all fucking with Red, well here's two alphabets, FU I just smoked me some purple Now I'm waiting for my high to come down This girl popped her some Bam-Bam
Now she waiting for her high to come down Come down, come down We just waiting for her high to come down Yo, I smoke weed and I sold albums Fuck with me, you got more problems Pound of sour gettin' rolled up on my bus, that's a real low rider Smoked blunt with Waka Flocka, rolled a L with Jack Herer Colorado gettin' dabbed and all that bud, I'ma need tupperware
Brick City where I'm born at, California got the OG Bay Area And on the West everybody knows me Smoked a blunt with my boy Kurupt where the loud, homie? You know how the East Coast gettin' down I ain't talkin' weed when the pound on me I just smoked me some purple
Sometimes inside the ends, sometimes out of the ends Never in a house and that Grew up on Roadside G'z and that Sticky Bizniz DVD and that Nowadays man a bun cheesy buds Back then, man already bun all that Old school shubses, fun and that No queue, straight to the front and that
Man are in Croydon shubs in Brixton 109 when I jump on that Yeah, watch how I jump on this Very similar to how I jumped on that Old school 130 for a Z Man still could've got bumped on that Old school, man a roll up on peds Two man, one on the front and back
Old school, man a get scale Put the batteries in, put a big bit of skunk on that Grew up in South and that Tell a wasteman watch his mouth and that Sometimes inside the ends, sometimes out of the ends Never in a house and that Grew up on Roadside G'z and that Sticky Bizniz DVD and that
Grew up on scumbag nights in the alleyway Fingering girls in the park and that Grew up with Mermz and Mark and that Grew up with "Flipz don't talk" and that Grew up on MSN, Bebo Yeah, PS5 for a five day pass and that Grew up on sound and that Grew up on "lend me a pound" and that
Grew up on no snitching, man go missing Like never to be found and that Grew up on Stanley Tek and that Grew up on yum yums, Greggs and that Grew up on ordering pizza to the estate Then taking the peds and that Grew up on threats and weed and that Grew up on
D Double E and that Grew up on grime, Roll Deep and that Grew up on the beast Danny Weed and that Grew up on Creep, I roll deep on these Put these MCs on deep freeze and that Grew up in South and that Grew up in Shiverz' yard Man was doing sets and that
Mic and decks and that With Page and Dekkz and that, can't forget all that Yeah, watch how I headtop this Very similar to how I headtop that Old school Nokia teardrop phone Very difficult tryna text on that Grew up in Melfort Park Grew up with Nus and Megs and Fest and that
Dope pushin' Dope man pushin' Dope, dope X2 On the corner Dope pushin' Dope, dope X2 On the corner Nigga I ain't starvin, I'm the dope man
Got no fam, I'm heartless as they make dudes, I'm programmed These niggas out here flashin, that's a no-no I'm cut from that old law, We don't talk to Popo's A killer out my door-door, you peaked in Solo when I did dirt, bar none of y'all, I'm seasoned Go dumb-dumb if they forcin' me to squeezin' I don't hesistate cause I know I can keep a secret, nigga Set up on my corner with my 50 pack
Sold it rock for rock, and then I double back Moved around the corner, had them niggas pumped Every other day, I scored another hump Ounces, nigga, ounces up on ounces, nigga Bitch, you out here frontin, you's a bouncer, nigga Hangin' in that club, talkin' loud and shit Bump that 45, and got you out of this Ever seen a nigga with that pistol out?
"Bitch, where the fuck you at?" "I'm in the studio, man. I'm on my way, man" "I'm not gon' be here when you get back. I'm gon' be gone. Fuck that, I'm gon' be gone." "Alright then" Girl, why you always stressing me, stressing me Stressing me? Girl, why you always stressing me, stressing me Ain't got time to fuck 'cause that'll mess up our whole recipe
Sometimes, I just want to lay with you, play fight like we used to do You always been in cases, come on girl, I'm used to you So I roll my switches full of kush and smoke 'em back to back 'Cause I know soon you gon' accuse me of this and that And I don't know what to do sometimes Loving you will make me lose my mind You went to really tripping, your stomach got bigger Now you think the baby gon' stop me from being a hundred with ya
We can make it is what I truly believe Want you to change, but I don't want you to leave Feel all alone when you ain't next to me I hope your new year's resolution stops stressing me I just want to chill with you, I don't want to fight with you Sick and tired, but I'm gon' try to might it right with you I know I travel, be gone, you be wishing me home But chill sweetie, we eating, we on
Now you in my phone checking shit, real disrespectful shit Accusing me of doing her? I might as well then Used to be your best friend, sexing and texting Plenty hoes want your spot, I'm your blessing Let your hair back, kick your feet up, stop stressing Stop guessing, talking reckless, you're doing too much I peeped your game, you're trying to fight, fuck and make up For real
Table full of bads, so I throw more ones Sit back and I watch that ass go dumb Throwin money in the air, like shawty go Throwin money in the air, like shawty go (Turn up Yeah, and in case you ain't knowing little nigga we back in here, here So much diamonds on a nigga now I'm lookin' like a chandelier And i see your ho looking, tell your bitch come here, here
Ballin, throwing that money like AND1 Yall niggas is starving looking at a nigga like damn son bossin' Briefcase of money in the phantom Yeah we do this shit often Bang niggas with another anthem On second cup and I'm blowin' on one Table full of bads, so I throw more ones
Sit back and I watch that as go dumb Got so much money, make a broke nigga disappear, ...pere Live niggas to the front Bitch niggas need to step to the rear, rear Well its the god in this bitch and I'm so sincere, ...cere And the way I take a niggas shine, sorry, it's so unfere, ...fere Warning, see the way the bitches catch a tantrum Money spilling and I'm pouring
Sometimes I Think We Dunn Been Thru 2 Much Shit I Really Luv My Bitch x2 Sometimes i say fuk my Bitch & then i wanna go fuk my Bitch My Bitch My Bitch...Dunn Came 2 My Crib We Ain't 2gether but We Know What It Is I Swear We Dunn Been Thru 2 Much Shit I Luv My Bitch Man Fuk' Dee'z Ho'z
Yea I Said Fuk Deez Hoz I LuvMy Bitch I Jus Fuk Deez Hoz Ion Trust No Bitch But I Luv My Bitch Im Faithful When Im Wit My Bitch I took my Bitch thru too much Shit Sometimes She Think I Ain't Bout Shit Sometimes she think i'm jus' 2 slick I'm just too slick
& i feel da' same way about My Bitch Bitch x 2 My Bitch My Bitch Can B 2 Hip Fuck Me Gudd Then go in my shit Seein Naked Pics & X-Rated Flickz Of dem azz old hoz i used 2 hit Man i swear 2 god i luv my Bitch On God I Luv My Bitch Ion want nobody But My Bitch
Used to chip it at the lab Bag, to flip it on the ave Every trip I'm like, "This one is the last" Two weeks later, I'm dippin' in my stash Back to the krill again, feelin' thin If you doing it to eat, is it still a sin? Used to feel bad, but then in short time was like "Fuck your family, someone got rich off mine"
That's the truth, dinner was instant soups Those under my roof put dudes in expensive coupes I was bitter as the ripest lime And saw that only niggas living lived a life of crime Jumper wasn't wet enough Since I was the only son, it was time to shine Made sense to deliver and seal for a dollar sign The figures I did to move to improve my bottom line
A drug connection naturally a thug's progression To keep my faculties passionately hugged to weapon With flaming aim, became the best in the gutter field From the 'ville But I wish I had another skill I'm stuck to the path, reluctant But just one touch of the cash corrupted Got good at pulling strings like I master puppets
No feat too sweet, trying to amass this custard Came into wealth, 'shamed of myself, past disgusted But getting paid made for a fast adjustment In this trade, ain't afraid to get splashed or busted Even for small numbers, none are vastly trusted I hushed it, heard my conscience in a clear voice "Don't forsake us to make this a career choice" Nights you try to slice your pie, you appear moist
But no wins if no sales so get it in gear and get hoist Remember my thirst, dumb, young, and on the spree My agenda at first, I wasn't even gonna read Was firm as his turn, a couple hundred to a G Shoulda stopped then, now locked in, coming for a key Who's fuckin' with that? Yeah Tell me, who's fuckin' with that? That one hurt man, that one hurt
Feet on the gas Fuck a cab Hit the mall, spend 100 bands Leave the mall with 100 bags Go home pop 100 tags You know I'm speeding Baby, I'm speeding I got the gas and I'm high as the ceiling
I hear the feds is out, they never see me I hear the whoop whoop, then I go genie 9/11 buck fifty on the freeway I'm in that red alert, oh Middle finger out the window, any nigga trying to see me Shawty rolling swishers, sour fisher Hit them bowls, so I had to pin her Gold digger, had to dig her
White girl, but she love a nigga You know I'm speeding Baby, I'm speeding I got the gas and I'm high as the ceiling I hear the feds is out, they never see me I hear the whoop whoop, then I go genie I got that red alert I got that red alert
Right Youngblaze Feel the beat Uh Weeeeeeeeeeeellllllll If you didn't know just who the hell im gone be I Roll up in the spot they call me P-i-m-p
That You should get a job why you hatin on me I could serve a nigga but theres always a fee Thee Barrasment" you gettin it was always for free Cause You dont wanna battle cuz you all get delete Niggas already lost, i'll just charge you a "G"
ONE DAY Im a run this bitch like a One way I GOT A SICK INSANE FLOW NIGGA ON A WHOLE NOTHER LEVEL WHEN IM SEE MY NIGGAS IN THE SPOT HOE WHEN THEM GIRLS ON THE JOCK THO IN THIS BITCH WIT A CHARGE LIKE YOU HEAR THIS SHIT BANGIN HARD LIKE
Ko Bhanda ko come Tya sumha po kura pugyo Thait Kay sooch hay ko Kay bho Has ho ko patro Sosan bha Aay jhaii Eauta cha reet Jasto Naah bhoak naah nindra jeau doah lash jastaii Hidhyo Tayhee sooch ma mo nee agharee bhardaii Sabhaii kura Birc Naya ziwan ko suruwat garnu Khojdaii Marhay Ra Kay lan hu cha Ra kayhee ramailo Yaad Maya Chornay rah Janhu parnay laii pheri bhetnay Kasam gardaii
Ani Kay ko Maan mutau hami ma samaii naii chai na Borho mahfee paau kasaiko Mann duh khaii ma Shraap hoina aahriwad laghos marhay ra jahda Kina Antim ma hami sabhaii kharani ra dhuwa Kay lanhu cha ra aahfu lay garhay ko karma matra Ani kina sas ra jash ko laghee yaytee saro natak hami ma Ek chin ko bhet ghat dea dinhay ziwan Yaad ta Ho samheetenay aru kay cha kura
He said he gon shoot me but I seen he got a prop, oh I guess not, I guess not, I guess not, hoe Yeah, I'm calling your bluff, your pussy Think love is a drug, I took it I'm kicking this flow no bucket But I cannot be no puppet No I am nothing like you I got more waves than tidal
Just feel my braids I'm viral Fuck a vaccine Imma still send shots Heard a nigga running down he gon' lay by the chalk Bitch, me and Sirok finna pour that 'Roc I ain't talking bout Diddy, Bad Boys on the block This bitch on my side she assigned to this dick Yeah you take a pic she get cropped out the flick All you see is the rollie don't tok or no tik I pop music bitch
They thought I was done until I pulled up in that drop He said he gon shoot me but I seen he got a prop, oh I guess not, I guess not, I guess not hoe Keep it on the DL, swing it like the DH Still keep it going like a relay Northwest king like Amine Peep the numbers I put up and check again on instant replay Getting too turnt on a weekday
Turning to eleven with my peers Yall looking for pussy on OnlyFans you could just look in the mirror, aye Talk big talk when you trip when you walk Stay eye level like my dick and my balls Can't get colder the temp can't drop Thought you was all that but I guess not lil bitch Sloppiest top, I swear its the pinnacle Fuck all these cops I don't fuck with the federal
Cause my niggas gon blow x5 Need that pack its for the low x5 Fronting thats a no x5 Cuffing that's a nox5 All these paparazzi niggas want to take my photo But I got the work on me that's a no no no I be posted on the LI My pack come from over seas
I be swimming in her sheets I move like I'm in the sea F U Niggas I'm a G You B-R-O-K-E Skrrt Skrrt in the beam jawnn This a good nigga theme song My niggas some shooters they on go x5 Try me that's a no x5
Cause my niggas gon blow x5 Need that pack its for the low x5 Fronting thats a no x5 Cuffing that's a nox5 All these paparazzi niggas want to take my photo But I got the work on me that's a no no no Passport General Let's go I AINT gotta flip a pack make your bitch hustle for me now, all my niggas shooting then they scoring ain't no rebounds, riding in that Skrrt window shopping what you mean clown, only window shopping when I'm shopping for the V now, yeah I be really on some next shittttt, suicide doors I got a deathwish, fuck your bitch just to add her to the checklist, give me neck and then I'm sliding in the next bitch, we don't cuff 'em we just fuck 'em that's a no no, hit that Trap phone cause Taz got it for the low low, earn my stripes like a Bengel call me Ochoooo, Convo let it blow where ever we go
Go x5 Ayee, wanna fuck with me I need that dough x3 I'm the man up in your city boy they know x3 How you wanna do it we can go x3 How you wanna do it let me know x3 Bad bitch with me and she want a photo But I got some hoes at home that's a no x3 I be posted on the lean moving slow slow x3
Then I pull off in that foreign it ain't slow no x3 But I ain't slowing down with it that's a no x3 When that money calling girl I go x3 Drama babyyyyyyyyyyyyyy GANG babyyy My niggas some.... Hold up wait I'd rather just spit some I bet you niggas thought this my only income Trapping the work
Gotta make that shit work It gotta go gooooo That's your girl then why she posing for the photos Aye And why these niggas think they on my level I pour a four inside a two of that mellow yellow Bitch dont think you special I'm gonna fuck and then forget you
Song for song and by the end, you will understand Thug Talk So, feel me now nigga Feel me now We say Mama don't worry But we can't promise no worry We say sister be cool Even when it ain't cool
Tell our nephews to chill but they wanna live just like you We say Mama don't worry But we can't promise no worry We say sister be cool Even when it ain't cool Tell our nephews to chill when they wanna live just like you At night we pray for better days Hope trouble go its separate ways
Bad luck we accept it like we goin' thru a phase Tell Mama don't worry We gon' be straight, we say we got it Still she worry bout haters And our safety from the narcotics So when you leave she hit her knees And plead that God protect her son He say he straight
But he really thuggin' and he accept it how it come Tell his sister be cool But her fear of losin' you is tragic You big brother, and she love ya But she ain't never had a Daddy You do thangs to make her happy But that make her sit and think She ask you when you gon' stop thuggin'
But he look and say he can't Cause he got rank Poured tha Act up out tha pint Money everywhere His nephew stare And that's tha one you tellin' chill This real Tell our nephews to chill but they wanna live just like you
Tell our nephews to chill when they wanna live just like you My hustle got me comin' thru My nephew wanna hustle too I tell him chill He tell me Boo, I'm hurtin' if I don't hustle too What I'm 'posed to do? Used to tell Big Mama everything gon' be aight 'Could see tha look up in her eyes like it just might not be aight
Thug Talk Like I'm gon' make it out this fuckin' neighborhood But wit' no change mane I'm stuck up in this fuckin' neighborhood Since Pampers I was lead by examples But it was different Only ones I looked up to was tha niggas who was really gettin' it Tell another thug Mama it's gon' be ok When her son sittin' up in that casket 3 feet away
We just want to the Lord through keeping us through pain We just want to the Lord through keeping us through troubles We just want to the Lord keeping us through trials We just want to the Lord keeping us through situations We just want to the Lord for giving us life We just want to the Lord for giving us hope We just want to the Lord for giving us 2nd chances We just want to the Lord for letting his son Jesus die on the cross
Verse 1: We just want to thank the Lord for everything in life that we got because his son Jesus died and made the ultimate sacrifice for our sins. So we no longer have to worry about sins, we get forgiven, we automatically come reborn again. Reborn again as a Christian, but the only way to do that is to go through Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus we claim victory, in the name of Jesus we claim glory, in the name of Jesus we claim life, and in the name of Jesus we declare the holy word Chorus: We just want to the Lord through keeping us through pain We just want to the Lord through keeping us through troubles We just want to the Lord keeping us through trials We just want to the Lord keeping us through situations We just want to the Lord for giving us life
Oh man, oh man Oh man, not again Verse 1: I hope the world is ready for me, I go by the name of Blazin. It's like I'm in Modern Warfare 2, but I just hit up Grand Theft Auto. It's like being in NBA 2K, now I'm on WWE 2K, and I got the legacy award; I see it in the year 2030. They better look for me, they better know me, and you know what they better appreciate me for everything that I do, because I live for God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost. I see the tv it's goin black, I see the tv it's goin blue, I see the guitars there brown, red, but my color is black. I was born an African American from the United States of America; my mom she is one fine beautiful lady and a minister for God. So ya better not teach us, you better know respect us, you better respect and appreciate us, because it's time for your lesson in school and in reality it's time for your lesson in statistics, it's time for your legend in mathematics, your lesson in science. Yea; you already know what time it is; it Blazin Atm time and this is our time to shine, but you know what I got this chorus for ya Chorus: I got Jesus and I'm goin' back to back Yeah, goin' back to back I got Jesus and I'm goin' back to back
Are you gon pull up, pull up, pull up Are you gon pull up on a nigga when you know they fuckin wit me Are you gon pull up, I bet you gon pull up Are you gon pull up on a nigga when you know that I got plenty Are you gon pull up Are you gon pull up on a nigga when everything is everything I bet you gon pull up, I bet you gon pull up, pull up So I guess we all go our separate ways, but I've yet to see better days
So I just pour'em up and just let em fade Attention is all I need due to the amount paid Never slipping forever mention in every sentence that you'll always be blind to the bull And let your eyes listen so I never follow my heart when my mind tripping It's like it's only real when it thoughts What happened to that feeling down What's up with it though Broke as a joke but maintaining this luxury flow
Never know how far you could get with a foot in the door Never knew we take it this fast by taking it slow They say I'm Gay, say I'm Ye, say I'm Drake's lil bro But if they don't love me for me what I'm chasing it for Somethings that I keep in mind as I proceed to grow ??? at my show Yeah, are you gon pull up on a nigga when you Are you gon pull up, pull up, pull up
Are you gon pull up on a nigga Are you gon pull up on a nigga when you see me in your city Are you gon pull up on a nigga when you know they fuckin wit me Are you gon pull up, I bet you gon pull up Are you gon pull up on a nigga when you know that I got plenty Are you gon pull up Are you gon pull up on a nigga when everything is everything I bet you gon pull up, I bet you gon pull up, pull up
Yo, I said are you gon still love me if I'm down and out Are you gon still be here if the money low If it all disappear you gon stick around All I need is reassurance cause you never know I just rather feel it when I'm gone and when I am around You just gotta show them that it's more than just the word of mouth I just gotta pray you don't pull up when she pull up I ain't with the confrontation but I'm sure that we can work it out
Yeah! Lxws of Nxture 2 Let's go! Woah, follow my laws, yeah We taking off, prolly end up on a chart, yeah This the second coming you can see it in the night Ain't no sleep inside suburbia we up until we die Yeah, we lost a chance at love I guess she couldn't feel the vibe Spent some time on feeling hurt but then I went up in my price
Ain't no capping this my call to duty, niggas locked and loaded Spot an opp and he faneto, yeah that's on word to Sosa He was talking shit and starting shit he end up on a poster His brother on a white tee, we don't deal with posing, nah I told Leyenda that he legendary These softer rappers looking secondary We on demon time, I'm tryna summon shit You claim that your hoe loyal she my succubus
Now you may ask How do I do it B How do I create such dedication to me And I say That I play the Game In my rise to fame I never try to copy a style Cause to me that's like suicide
It's a do or die Situation Where you don't know How the stuff's gonna sound to the crowd So I stick to my O. G. flow So when the crowd hear the stuff they know This be straight up uncut O. G. flow Coming direct from the soul and mind
Mama tried to keep me home, but I love the fuckin' streets I was cookin' up a Ki, tryna serve it to the streets Couple niggas had beef so I had to Chief Keef I got homies from the 2, I got homies from the 3 I keep everything neutral, I just wanna smoke a leaf I was runnin' up a check, try me, he gon' get the TEC Hear a lot of niggas talk, ain't a nigga 'press me yet I'm in Houston, V Live, throwin' racks, that's a bet
And you ain't a real nigga if you don't rep your set Go get the money, go get the money Go get the money, go get the money Cooking on a pot, had to scale and weigh the rock Almost burned my fuckin' hand, I forgot this shit was hot I'm just tryna get a knot, had the shit up in my sock Leave me 'lone, leave me 'lone, I could work my own block All these racks I could trick on
Ona sva se preliva Ne blefira Muskarce testira A kad to radi zovi, a kad zatrese lomi Ona je dobra da zaboli Dominira to voli Daj zatresi da izgorim A to sto pali me, daj da vidim sve
A kad se savije, mozak mi razbije Ne falsiraju, guze vibriraju Kod njih je slatko sve One tako dominiraju Neka twerkuje, neka twerkuje Svaka guza neka, neka, neka twerkuje Neka twerkuje, neka twerkuje Svaka guza neka, neka, neka twerkuje
Ocena je 10 za show Kada guzom radi to A pogleda 100 puta 100 One teraju na zlo I kao grom, rokaju sa guzom tom Veci il' manji broj, svi gledaju ka njoj Oh, you got that space booty Da svakoga zaludi
Svi gledaju u guze, niko ne gleda u grudi A profi je, to znas, da zavrti mozak Svaka guza salje pozdrav Kada spusta se do poda A nista ne krije, jasno vidim sve A kad se savije, mozak mi razbije Ne falsiraju, guze vibriraju Dok svi uzivaju
Ain't expect to be the nigga you fucking with now Problem is popping bottles yea shit went down See I fuck with your heart but you the type I'll wife But you think I'm lying about my real life You take a whole lot of shit from me to make a commitment It ain't you it's just real niggers do shit different If I hurt your heart i hope i just ain't make room But trust me club niggers ain't going to heal your wounds
You gonna find another nigga that is gonna fuck your ass But it is going to be hard to find a nigga that loves your ass I am just sad we had to go melt like that You could at least warn a nigga you felt like that You can have the prettiest woman baddest bitch But it don't mean shit if you don't want to commit If you don't want to commit Shit I'm just having fun you trying to trip
But it don't mean shit cause i don't want to commit Use to kiss you in the club all in public And you use to love how I use to fuck you after the club But it just got old seeing you all fed up Say I don't want to take you out and raise your old leg up It ain't about that I just wanted to chill with you Devore more like a day went bad I ain't even get to spoil you like a date went bad
Fuck your home girl advice, she don't know what's up Beside how you acting she's the one fucked up I wouldn't spend time if I never know your worth You get mad trip on me, I won't say shit Working on my attitude for you my bitch Let the shit that they say might have you stuck Well I guess I'm really trying to say this shit fucked up You can have the prettiest woman baddest bitch
All I really been doing is serving lately Flexing so hard make a nigga wanna hate me Three gram blunt and the perc got me shaky Shit get too hot pass the work to my lady Am I gonna spend some racks today ? Maybe Sock come out niggas dash like Stacey They tried to kill my partner but they must not have been aiming Working two weeks for a check is enslavement
Pesos kthWr l commandos t` l commandant qlb myWt mn dh zmn , Hrqh b lyswns L'extrait d'naissance bGy ndkhWl klm@ "nqr@" fy smWwny lshb mTlW` lshnf@ l'adolescence mn mshy lkshWf@ l'ecole criminelle qry fy Les femelles nsm` b Les jumelles `yny kym nbGy Gyr lfk les sentiments m knsh frWwj shb` wlW Db` ybnly brk@
nbrkyh w hw yDHk , `mWr lSk b 103 , rwH llbrWk@ Direction shrby , kyfy , , kshy , kwl bytshyz , bwnd , Twyl@ , 'wwwl shr@ , bsT@ , mkl@ , kwl bl 103 fier nqr@ w - wy wy wy HbWs khwy shrk thdr hdhy nqr@ w SHb bndy ? HbWs khwy
rk GlT khwy , ntwm ly rkm mkhsryn lbld h w llh ntwm khwy wh , ntwm ly rkm mkhsryn lbld - wh ntwm...ah w q` ... ntwm wh khwy wh lnqr@ drwk rh drhm khwy , wh lrjl syd lrjl khdWmhm , mshy nqr@ - 'rwH nhdr m`k mHmd...'n bsh wlWyt nqr@ kyn SwlH rdWwny nqr@ mshy Gy m hk zyd y SHby 'y hdhy lkhyn@ w ldw w lkshyt w lSwlH ...ndyrhm 'n bskw m`yshty ky zdt m tnjmsh tfhmny ...rk fhm ? 'n lnqr@ , w nq`d nqr@ w dyj Gdy nzyd tqr mnyn knt bz SGyr Gdrny lmktwb , sm` twb
t`rf blWy knt fy shkyl hn klshy kdhwb bwy qtl 'mW , y dny sh ky lmW@ ? `nd rbWy hk ldhnwb tfrkt ??? w ldny Sym@ perpete dkhl llHbs b w 'n trbWyt fy ldyr ky lGrs bl m myn qflt `shr snyn Trdwny ljwryn hdhw mslmyn ? est-ce que qswny ky lklb , Avocat sh bGyny nkhrj Tbyb w lW
blHrr@ wlWyt nTrTq kym lbzwk 'rwH nty lTry `ysh kym `sht 'n Tl` blsyrwty trwH lkwb kbn tDrb `sh fwr , ks Hlyb w bnn bl 103 fier nqr@ w wy lnqrys ...tsm ftyt lrwHk khwy w khrjt rwHk lfwr w lns q` am GlTyn smHly khwy : mshy q` lnqr@ ytmy , w mshy q` lytm~ khrjw nqr@ kyn ly khrj bylwT l bGyt
Ooh, ooh This right here is O.T Allah bought a OZ Deej right here my homies This right here my OGs Cut it, cut it, cut it, cut it Cut it, cut it, cut it, cut it Them bricks is way too hot, you need to cut it
My niggas way too wild, them niggas nutty That Cash Money check is way behind, they need to cut it $2205 off a 17-5 Money on the bed, I'ma need a king size Got that cocaine blizzard, we like Dairy Queen slime And we got prescriptions if you tryna prescribe Man these out of town niggas with these out of town prices Not around here nigga, chop it down, slice it
Oh Lord, these niggas tax it, that's okay, just jack me Give it to my lil' nigga, just bring me back a fraction You need to cut it Tryna ride rims over potholes And boy you know we don't be going for All that charging too much for a O' and stuff Mediocre work, and now he going up Tell em gone on, lose your phone number
You done fucked up, and got the wrong one I take your homegirl and put her on some You a couple $100 more short on grammar So you keep on playing, that we got hammers for Shoot out your window, there go your antidote Along with all of your homies Boy you really know we with the shit If you got something we want, we come get the shit
Now you walking around acting like we friends and shit Money right now, or it's lights out I don't know why you be playing Boy don't you know as much as this cost See I don't think you understand It costs me less than that to get you knocked off Better cut your shit down, don't know where they kept it Boy I bullshit you not
Call up an uber and come over and do yo thang I might flex a little, I got commas in my bank Call up an uber and come over and do yo thang You need a vibe, I got some green and purple drank I might flex a little, I got commas in my bank You need a vibe, I got some green and purple drank Feeling like Prince, when i'm sipping purple drank Third round, baby still got gaz in the tank
Why you acting hard, all you do is shootin blank Tings, tings, tings all up in my condo Pussy so wet I might need a poncho She fucks with me more, i'm a head honcho Making money, spending money that's all I know She say she likes it rough, i'm gon' treat her like a slut Then treat her like a queen, when its all said and done Always on her mind, talking bout with her friends
chr nshsty bl z srh jt pshw wsTh yn hmh my khwm brqSm b tw tyryp my dwny chyh myshnsy m rw ;{qsmt1 : mhrdhydn}; Hl hmh drn b hm wsT myrqSn nyzy nyst m`rfy khny mn khy hstm b dfm nshstm yh gwshh b shmpyn my dhrh rw lbhm yh dwnh mch aa
! by bbrm Trfh trykhh dstm bkhzh rw khmr brykht ntrs dkhtr ynqdr nrw Hshyh yn hydny khh my byny drst Hsbyh y bb zkhr wl nmy khnn j w khnyn khh dkhtr btrkhwnn dygh ln nyst wqth rqSh rwy zmyn SHbkhwnh t hm bryzh lkh wsm khh rylkhs khnm mshb nmy khwm shr bshm
bbkhshyd khnwmy dfm hst rw mn ps fqT tw brqS wsm ;{hmkhwn: mhrdhydn}; ;{qsmt2 : smn wylswn}; blhrw my lrzwnm pyynrw my chrkhwnm drw dfw my rqSwnm z wn th Sd myd aq wyskhy khw? Sdy khyh wmd? smn wyly tw
yh lywn bdh zwd bnwshm yh qlywnm bkhshm khh twph twp shm mhmwny tw frmnyh jw qrw qtyh pr drw dfyh b`d dh thnyh yh df twp aq wyly zd zkhr bshynn lTf nyn syrysh shn pshw brym brqSym khwshkhlm dwr bzn dygh wqtshh khh brqSy psht bh mn wy myd dst rw khmrt
dw dyqh b`d myrh lb tw grdnt rqSydym ngh khrdm tw rwt zydy chsbydym Hss khrdm bw khwb my ddy dr gwsht gftm khwshglh mn mshb pnjshnbst by pyshm jm`h yh sr my trsy brqSy hst df`h y wlt y khh zydy lyzh khfyh y Sndlt bdw by `shqm tw rw my khwm mshb
z ashpzkhwnh lkh brw byr yh khm Sbr khn m jy sh`r bgh b`d brw khwn tw tw wsT qr bdh sr t ptw tw blrzwn tw mthlh zlzlh sm zd bzy byr rw lbh qrmzt khlkh chshtw bbnd b`d chnd thnyh tw ngh khn bh mn smmw twy gwshm Sd khn bkhnd dh br bgw my khwy mnw bdhr khl bshm by brym dkhtr yh jy bhtr
chwn mshb my khwm pyshm bshy khnrh stkhr gh dwst dr y myrym shrb bl dwd my khnymw myshym khrb mh wyly wyly wyly wylswn zdbzy hydn m jy zdbzy
You know what I want I just need that top Need that top I need that top Fuck you fucking thought You ain't what I want Ain't no need to front No need to front
I need that check I need all my checks My name on my checks I feel like the best Feel like the best They say that I'm up next They see I'm going far it ain't no need to flex I gon play a bitch like a game of chess
They here tryna live off me Show them what their man will never ever be I see you at the club looking at me Bring that ass right here, you'll live the dream Kitchen counter full of drugs Got that indigo all up in my cup This got my liver feeling way too numb Tell Palmer that we 'bout to switch it up
Tell RD we gon' step in and double up Make real bread, not like who be making crumbs If you don't got Borden, don't hit me up Yo bitch on top of me, you know what's up Shit going down, twin tower down Come in the East, show you we don't play around Talk that shit, but what are you gonna do? Private Party is the gang, we don't need you
Tell them bitches how i'm doing now Sipping liquor by the corridor Baby i know that you be the winner now Feeling like I got my own award I be swimming, dipping, in bands now Running man, I made a dance now Living, living in the 'rents house I be wishing, living in the penthouse
I'mma give it all, give it all Baby we can go to France now Adderall and the coke Slow it down, baby oh I can get it all, I can get it all, I can get it all Love it when i'm on you, all this cash on you Working it out for me, you know what to do Loving this fame, all for yourself
Hit my phone, you want gas, lean or the perkys Paid a ticket, I pull up with curb service Paid a ticket, I pull up with curb service I got curb service Drugs we be servin' My gang put work in Them young niggas strapped up like the secret service Hit my phone, you want gas, lean or the perkys
I got curb service Drugs we be servin' My gang put work in They know who got the curb service They know my niggas be workin' Pull up, 50s hangin' out of Excursions Pussy nigga hatin', got his bitch flirtin' Pakkboy Gang shoot like Golden State
Walk down on your block, watch him run away Pick your poison, we got all type of Ks Place your order and we pull up at 8 I got the gas in the meal Pull up on a opp, block leave him chill We won't see a jail, my niggas make bail I got it off sales, I don't got a deal Niggas snitchin' so this trap shit ain't fair
My lil' bitch bad, she got short hair I smoke the gas, I serve a mid Free Lil Mar 'fore we get him outta jail I put the drum on the chop I put the scope on the mac Put the dogs in you hogs Keep all the grams in the back I just left the airport
But I'm ridin' with a strap "Damn bitch what you lookin at?" She like, "Damn, you got them racks" PBG pull up with packs Call Boog, he pull up with a mac "Damn bro, why you shoot him like that?" Got a 160 shots, but 3 straps Pull up to the curb, we walk through the back
Send me the work, I ain't sending shit back 93 gas, I don't fuck with mid pack Niggas stealing swag, I need that shit back Say it's a problem, we pull up with macs Chopper with a drum, it's pushing shit back PBG BANDDUP we bringing trap back PBG BANDDUP we bringing trap back I got a plug on the packs
Send me the work, I ain't sending shit back 93 gas, I don't fuck with mid pack Niggas stealing swag, I need that shit back Say it's a problem, we pull up with macs Chopper with a drum, it's pushing shit back If a nigga want a verse, I need racks Boogie grab the glizzy under the mattress You know TaeDawg, bitch I'm lit like a match
I'm with the gang, we got sticks like a bat Whip up a man, we got tools in the bando AR15, pistol grip on the handle Just got a new plug, watch we bringing trap back Got a that's so good junkies keep coming back Gotta keep me a 40, I can't trap without straps I fucked up some commas, watch me get it back How the hell that boy real and he hang with a rat
4 niggas in the Benz and everybody strapped Got a plug out in , send it 'cross the map These niggas telling had to switch up the trap Niggas stealing swag cause they lil' bitch digging that Semi-auto, no Supreme, I'm a trendsetter Hate on me, but your bitch pussy I dig in that Audi or the Beamer thinking about switching that Glock or FN, I'mma put the blue tips in that
Fuck Twitter beefing, I'm not with the chit-chat If I hit one time, you gone want your bitch back They don't want problems, they know we got big straps Run down on em, leave em broke like a Kit-Kat Rest in peace Bob, they asking where the kids at Free Lil Mar, PG tryna say that he kidnapped I'm with the robbers and you hanging with the rats We gone hit first, so nigga where your ceilings at?
Each are the shots If I remember to call it off Then there is only the reason why Guess I'd never see it eye to eye Thought I'd never make it Thought I'd never make it Lifes so fucking fragile Thought that I would break it
Shout out to my mom Shout out to my dad Shout out to my fam They the best I ever had Lifes so fucking fragile Thought that I would break it Shout out to my mom Shout out to my dad
He keep saying that he misses my voice, yeah He told his friends that he think I'm the one He wanna make love to me, I use him for fun He wanna be my boo but he just my toy Playin games with his head, no bunny, play boy Baby boy I am so sorry that I lead you on So I wrote you an apology and put it in a song You're mad I friendzoned you, you're mad and I'm wrong
But all you want is clout and I cannot put you on All you're gonna do is leach on to my friends Baby you are not my type, I cannot pretend Rather this than reject you Please don't make me get disrespectful We could never be something special You are just my friend you will never be my next boo, sorry He wanna know why I don't call him no more
He keep saying that he misses my voice He told his friends that he think I'm the one He wanna make love to me I use him for fun "Can I get a hug?" No you can't nigga "Can I get some love?" No you can't nigga "Can you text me back?" No I can't nigga No I can't nigga, no I can't nigga, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
His name is Max He was dancing to my tracks I guess it means he loves me And his, his name is Max Now I'm chillin' with Max Yeah, I finally got a boyfriend He likes my music, so I guess he loves to love me then
I got a friend, his name is Max He was dancing to my tracks Now I'm chillin' with Max Now I'm chillin' with Max, yeah! I got a boyfriend, you know His name is Max I guess he loves me Dancing to my tracks
To bring the gauge was nuttin' Static start, I had the heart to squeeze Took less than nothing to pull it My first lesson was never bluff with a bullet If you show it gotta blow it, spark and leave Destined Destined Hard to take high road when down in the gutter
Stop the flow, I pop and go with the pound and the cutter Rule the streets faceless, dodgin' police bracelets Draw weapons before jettin', the shells don't leave traces Had the trigger right by the abs and liver Young'ns can find some of my guns, they drag the river Maximal skill though it may appear minimal Surprised by my career, thought I'd be career criminal Hood thieves keep me lifeless, extra part of the strangle
Should be dead from palmin', I work harder than my guardian angel If you invoke threats for prestige, don't fess Want to juice or got loose, fresh-squeezed cold-pressed Get that out of breath phone call, my instincts loading the clips Fights against us is one sided the livest Mobius strip Badge of honor was rollin' dipped, bullet holes in the whip Cops never told me freeze 'cause this as cold as it get Wasn't made for frontin'
To bring the gauge was nuttin' Static start, I had the heart to squeeze Took less than nothing to pull it My first lesson was never bluff with a bullet If you show it gotta blow it, spark and leave Missing hope before rhymin', windin' down vicious slope To feel if you diss a quote you a misanthrope Cause all that witness hear fitness and richer spoke
You giving the gift of note, pray the wicked croak The sound rules from drogas's crown jewel Only judgment is that I love it, never found cruel Amongst the dark vermin, while the hearts yearnin' Too tense to pay attention in class, it was hard learnin' Don't discard what I carve, I don't whittle nothing little All my niggas pump for big chunks, fuck the kibble So to honor their memory, I charm the assembly
Everybody knows about this man; they ain't ready for this 24/7 life, but you gotta live in order to make it Verse 1: You got to live life 24/7 in order to make it and survive, in this great world that we live in, they is no doubt about it you got to live right. You got to live clean, you got to live pure, you got to live holy, you got to live safely, it doesn't matter at the end of the day, it's all about livin life Chorus: Cus we liven life 24/7 Breakin chains, stress, and goin through pain Cus we liven life 24/7 Makin money and goin through war
Breakin boundaries and makin a wonderful change We live life each and every single day here on earth, we live life up to the fullest, we go through war, we go through pain, we go through trials and tribulations. We go through struggles, we go through passions, we go through battles, we go through hard times, we go through bad times, we go through good times, we go through the sunshine and we go through the fall, we go through the rising, we go through the storm, we go through the thunder, we go through the lighting, we go through the Hurricane Katrina's, we go through the hurricane and Evan storm Chorus: Breakin chains, stress, and goin through pain Makin money and goin through war Breakin boundaries and makin a wonderful change Ending: Yeah; we live that life, you already know it's hardcore 24/7. You gotta live pure, clean, you gotta live evil, you gotta live good or bad; it doesn't matter, but at the end of the day; man you already know we livin life 24/7, Blazin 24/7
Poncho Blazin Atm; Mr. Blazin an old school hip-hop artist, and you know it's great being an old school hip-hop artist, but I talk about new things, but this is an old school joint. So we goin tell you a little story about two people; being a background story that is; let's go let's get it; check it out Verse 1: It was in the third grade; that two people meet each other; you had JJ on the left, you had AJ on the right. They met at the school bus yard and they took off in the school; after they arrived at school, they went to get some breakfast; in the cafeteria, after that they hit the gynamism, and then they went to English class, then they went to History class. They exchanged numbers, they started callin each other, textin each other, and walkin to great places Chorus: So we Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Coast And the way he roll just a rebel to the world with no place to go So we Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Coast So come and skate with me, just a rebel looking for a place to be
So let's Kick, and Push, and Coast yea Verse 2: Well fast forward to Middle school, they started talkin more, they walked to the park, walked to the yard, and they went to play some ball. Play some basketball, baseball, softball, and then moved on to football; they wanted to skate in the yard, but the parents wouldn't let em. It's funny that the parents wouldn't let em, because the parents had they approvals; after the parents approvals they started to talk a lot more. They walked to the park, walk to the movies, they walked to the restaurant; Buffalo Wild Wings, Mcdonalds, Wendys, and every restaurant Chorus: So they Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Coast And the way they roll just lovers in the twine with no place to go So they Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Kick, Push Coast So come and skate with me, just a rebel looking for a place to be
So I can save mine I just want some peace of mind I got to save mine Cuz I just need your piece of mind So I can save mine I just want some peace of mind I got to save mine I'm out of place in every place, feeling like im lost in space
Everyday I slowly fade, Im locked behind the baricades I barely say my own thoughts, I could never count the cost Off a bridge my soul was tossed, gassing like a holocaust Betraying me like Jesus now they got me feeling double crossed All the violence you concoct im trying to have peaceful thoughts My sullen soul is feeling old, Thumbs slip I lose control Im switching off the console, and change the game like loop holes Yall want some braggadocia, Im tryna save my conscious
I ain't toking on the dojiah but im rapping up some hotness Straight edge nigga, find me with the lochness Body all the rappers leave a carcass in the hospice All so a girl can take your kindness for a hostage I promise it won't happen I ain't even had a first date Trouble giving shits my nigga all I do is constipate Yall dont know my struggle I can never trust a classmate Feeling like the king Im running through and yelling checkmate
Trap shit is cancer but I could never mutate Yall so energetic like a character from Anime Nobody is original yall just want to duplicate Call me Yugi Oh a nigga played his cards right All of these decisions keep me from safe from the spot light All of these choices keep me from the shot tonight Tread carefully these waters fucking dangerous right? Dangerous right?
I don't even know I'm so confused Like what did I do to lose you? Where did I go wrong? I don't even know I'm soo confused Like what did I do to lose you? I'm soo confused
I don't trust a bitch no, all these bitches foul Triple M on my sneakers got them lookin' wild New wrist cost a hunnid thou, that's how I'm doin' shit Middle fingers up to my old bitch Fuck my old bitch, I fucked my old bitch I see your new bitch, yeah that's my old bitch But I ain't trippin' though, I ball like Pippen though I put a hunnid at your new nigga ain't touchin' me
And I won't back down No mercy, no mercy, no mercy And I won't back down Undisputed, Tunechi Let's talk some sports, baby, I know my sports, baby The new kids on the block, over here at Fox Dominating the debate Now they take a second take, uhh
Hold up, wait, it's time to skip all the other stuff It's Shannon Sharpe the sharpest, that's why he cutting 'em You don't know Skip Bayless, rock, you been under one Eyes don't lie, just hope you see where I'm coming from Numbers don't lie, this a Fox Sports One-on-One No, let's go face to face, I embrace debate I don't make mistakes, I just make my case Drops mic when I'm done, what more can I say?
I bite to my tongue, I don't like the taste I'm on in the morning, I own my opponents I'm always in the zone, need to zone out to zone in And we could get it popping, pick the topic if you want it Skip and Shannon, skip that hopping Took these fours and made a posse, alright You are kidding me, whoa No feelings, relentless
Afterschool mission and magic wishin A hobby both of them finesse out the wandy , from wanda to wade both ways, they magic trickin to always front flippin for days, chasin channels cameras flippin pannels so magical no skippin don't play , kickin magicians got tactic precision , dodging lazers in and outta the mazes ,to make decision on missions for greater ,don't like the graders, they always trippin bc I'm finessin the paper Kimmy kimmy kimmy posy her and timmy were a posse rufus cause ruckus wit ron its no runnin from problems its not impossy Kimmy kimmy kimmy timmy timmy timmy kimmy kimmy timmy timmy Save em like hero chase the deniro ,man there go shego, blastin dashin defendin dracon that her amigo ,watch the magic happen forreal from this rap weirdo , tragic that jorgan go rage like Rambo pants he wore camo when they bounce off the page, no morgan man timmy freed all fairies slaves, from crocker the class proctor with no delay Timmy so wishy kimmy she flippy timmy so wishy Timmy so wishy kimmy she flippy timmy so wishy Risky the mission the tricky wishn walkin dimensions get cos and wand trippin, phone beepin nacho cheese greedy eatin macho beach livin, for trixey the noggin went missin , mixin exlirs, uneasy slow sippin, potion on the go never stoppin so listen ,no wicked vickey for sitter she meany to childen ,and watchin while clockin attention for tickers believe me, money I'm building while castle I'm bulding, and hoppin scalfoldin buildins , above it so niggas can't see me no tv, man on a misson
They hate so bad but they wish they were me Like I'm Big Boy I'm so fresh and so clean Run up my check, kick shit just like Bruce Lee Run up my check, kick shit just like Bruce Lee Where are my hoes, I need to fuck some THOTs Nevermind I need to run up my guap Niggas so fake, I can't stand, fuck them opps Niggas some snakes, they gon' snitch to them cops
I'm with my gang til the death til the end You are my foe, you were never my friend I'll be on top and that is no debate I give no fucks not 6 7 or 8 You moving funny kinda like a jake Where is my check, I need all of my fees They hate so bad but they wish they were me Like I'm Big Boy I'm so fresh and so clean
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shootin' stars I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now Verse 1: I remember back in the 2000's when we had those big cell phones, then we had tracfones, and now we moved on to Iphones The Iphone 6, the iphone 7, who knows it may be the iphone 10; that's why I used Windows 7, I done updated to Windows 10; it's kinda like goin to "The Blazin Express", then goin to "Poncho's Palace"; that's why I wear the Air Jordan jacket, because he's the number one best player Don't forget about Lebron and Kobe, that's why you got Ginobili; and don't forget about "Mr. Blazin" Atm, at your service livin life Chorus:
Verse 2: Don't forget about the people where you come from, don't forget about the people who helped you along the way, don't forget about the people who watched your back even though the big stars left The professionals didn't want nothin' to do with me, but I made to the top; I made it to the top of the rap industry in 2015 and 2016 I'm the hip artist of the year in 2015 and 2016; if you thought that my music was bad, check out this flow and check out the rhymes; check out these bars that I got for you, in the hotline and in the sandline; that's why I'm goin to the timeline and I'm simply "Crossin The Line" Ending: I could really use a wish right now I, I, I could really use a wish right now Like, like, like shootin' stars
Yeah Don't make me pull up on your chick in my new whip Take her to the mall and buy her some new shit Show her round, have her seeing all the cool shit My diamonds wet, my body feeling like a cruise ship Feeling like a cruise ship I made her wet, I got her feeling like a cruise ship Take her to the mall and buy her some new shit
Only beefing with niggas when I'm fucking they bitch They know I ain't cuffing no bitch I put no trust in a bitch Shorty you gotta go get back to your man I ain't tripping shorty I understand But look just one thing though Don't forget to put your ring on I put your chick in my new Six
Yeah, yeah that's my new shit The whip cream like a cool-whip Drove around, yeah on some cool shit And they taking cause I got it Your bitch in my whip giving knowledge Dark tint, yeah it's private Show her round, have her seeing all the cool shit My diamonds wet, my body feeling like a cruise ship
Feeling like a cruise ship I made her wet, I got her feeling like a cruise ship Ah man Baby so wet and that ass is perfect, damn The way that she do it might buy her them purses, damn And lately I've been killing all of my verses, damn You can run up if you want but know it ain't worth it Niggas thinking that I'm back pack
I'm bringing that South Central rap back They told me they offered me 20 a show Run it fast, ain't gotta ask that Working hard I'm a lab rat So much dough they got nothing to laugh up I'm fucking the game We going insane Walk up to your bitch, "where the cash at?"
Beautiful girls all over the world I could be chasing but my time would be wasted They got nothin' on you baby Nothin' on you baby They might say hi and I might say hey But you shouldn't worry about what they say 'Cause they got nothin' on you baby Nothin' on you baby
No' no' no' nothin' on you babe No' no' nothin' on you Verse 1: It feels good to be free, it feels good to be special, because I promised "My Special Lady" that I would be there for her; I could show her real, because "My Love is For You" I'm livin daily for God, Jesus, and the Holy Ghost; I thank God for makin an impact, not only in you, but in me; I could show you that "Real Love" in the bedroom and show you "Real Love" in the park, show you "Real Love" at the movies, show you "Real Love" at the church service, but at the end of the day, we headed up in "The Blazin Express" Chorus: Beautiful girls all over the world I could be chasing but my time would be wasted
They got nothin' on you baby They might say hi and I might say hey But you shouldn't worry about what they say 'Cause they got nothin' on you baby Verse 2: When I look into your eyes, I see the green and blue eyes; I see the beauty in your heart and I see the beauty in your mind; 24/7 your amazingly beautiful, that's why I call you "Miss Amazin" if I couldn't get another girl, I would stop and think about it I've been to London, I've been to Paris, I've been to Tokyo ya"ll; I've been to California, to Texas in "Poncho's Palace"; that's why you see me never go, that's why I always go hard, that's why this ain't my problem, but I can show you "Real Love" in Poncho's Palace" Verse 3:
Timi Mero Maan Ma Timi Mero Attma Ma Mero Chokho Maya Makha Parchu Timra Mitha mitha Bata Ma Din Ma Rat Ma Timrai Samjana Suna Garchu ma Kura kebal Timrai Barema Timi mero mana ma aatma ma Ratako sapani dinako kalpana ma
Paunchau timrai barnan mero har bakya ma Timro komal maya lie deu na sathama Listen up Timi Mero Maan Ma Timi Mero Attma Ma Mero Chokho Maya Listen Up Baby Ma Bhaye Timro Lagi Crazy Malai Tension Huncha Timi Rishayo Bhani Feri
Mero Man Lai Chuncha-Runcha Yo Man Besari And Its Kinda Scary, When U're Not Around Kalpana Garchu, Timrai Yaad Ma Harau And Now That you're Gone, Everything Is So Fake Timro Yadd Le Satayo Each And Everyday Bashi deu na timi aaja yehan mero nai saath ma Garideu na kehi mitha kura Bujhi deu na timi maya mero saath dinchu ma timilai sadhai vari nai
Take a sip of your drink while I sit here and think... ...and think Take a sip of your drink while I sit here and think... Life's over in a blink of an eye We all know it flies by Some of us apply ourselves Some of us deny ourselves Some of us get high as hell
But listen in to the cam bell with the skill And the double L, pop a pill If you feel the need snort coke til your nose bleeds I do this and i still succeed Yeah its frowned upon, agreed But I don't mean to impede your judgement Yes indeed, sometimes I need an escape from this place So I press reset on the cassette tape
Aye I ain't playing with these hoes Stand at 10 toes Green beam on this bitch I'mma aim it at your nose Gang bangin with my bros Spending pearls in the mall Till the clock RJ with the cookie know he finna blow Aye, I gotta stack it up I'm screamin free Roc till he back in the cut
I'm a riot when I'm carrying this four nick I up this and dismiss you so don't trip I'm from the city Yeah I'm talking bout Detroit motor city Where we know bout droppin bodies is a sport You a real broke bitch talking bout shit you can't afford All y'all niggas hoes writing statements on the card on the block When Cash get it tell him pass me the torch
All my niggas get it, been jumped off the porch It's Molly World need the key to Detroit Taking other niggas shit they say these are not yours bitch Gucci on my motherfucking socks and draws If you get jammed I was not involved Smoke so much loud I need Tylenol It was not yours bitch knock it off Slide slide slide and i'mma sock them all
I want ten dimes thats a dollar yall She use no hands like soccer ball Aye nigga Watch your tone I'mma fucking boss Bitch get out your feelings before I cut you off If it ain't about bands I don't wanna talk Put a roll on your head that's a somersault All this beef I need egg I might come across
She'll a suck dick for some sneakers 'Cause that bitch a geeker Show her some drugs she'll turn to a tweaker 'Cause that bitch a geeker Wait, I think I seen her in the bleachers 'Cause that bitch a fan, she rollin' off of them Xans She thought we was cool but lil' hoe you not my mans She keep callin' me, I'm like "Damn shawty, you is not my man, shawty."
Baby girl, what you want from me? You see me poppin', now you wanna keep me company She seen these hundreds, now she wanna come and stunt with me But I can't fuck with you shawty 'cause you just a leech Yeah, I know you a geeker All my friends say she a tweaker So I'm sorry I can't please her I swear I didn't mean to tease ya
Cuz my own eyes can see, through all your false pretenses But what you fail to see, is all the consequences You think our lives are cheap, and easy to be wasted As history repeats, so foul you can taste it And while the people sleep, too comfortable to face it And what I got to say, is rebel It can't go down this way, not today, rebel And what I got to say, is rebel
And while the people sleep, too comfortable to face it Your lives so incomplete, and nothing can replace it Fret not thyself I say, against these laws of man Cause like the Bible says: "His blood is on their hands" It can't go down this way, not today, rebel Oh are you, oh are you satisfied Oh are you, oh are you satisfied Then rebel, then rebel, then rebel, and rebel
I don't know what they told you And I don't know what she told you I don't know what he told you But how bout you just ask me I don't know what they told you And I don't know what she told you I don't know what he told you But how bout you just ask me
How bout you just ask me Maybe come and ask me Maybe come and ask me Smoke the dope then ash it Designer on, I'm classy People always talking but they do not know the facts and ay I'm just sitting here laughing Cause money keep on stacking
And it's funny how you stretching your last dollars like elastic I'm a real bitch and I do real shit You got clout for being an actor all morning in the met Nigga tryna give me sex, I ain't replying to his text Cutting thirsty niggas off and I ain't talking, I'm , ay I ain't know what they saying bout me But I bet that they won't at me first Make 'em drive off like a motherfucking taxi
jhnm lly j`t bntw rk` w Sl~ ljn@ lly srq kl Hkm w T`m kl m jw lshHdyn `lsyr@ `ly lSwt `ly qzzk w ktb `lfysbwk llh llfqyr llh ybn `my mHSr blyrmwk , qly Db lsnk l klb lmlk yrmwk llh wld ybn `my m` wld dr` , bzwryb jbl mHsn `m ytwq~ lqnS shwfw Swb b`lbk mwjwd bkl Dy`@ , `lrSyf m` shGyl@ lf`l `lbHSS Tfr bshwl m btts`r blml mbdl hlh bslH w jrh bHtll shf b`ynw lnby shyt khw~ nby bqn mt, b`d bblw dwl@ smt shrf Hrb mGmr@, `dt `mlt thwr@ shrf sh`b mw'mr@
llh mnw bjm` fkhm llh blmkhym, flH bshl lq` w bHlb `ysh blr`b Tfl b`rsl stshhd Tl`t rwHh b`yt lsh`b llh `ndh Hqwq wlw m `ndh Swrykh Swth mn Swt Srykh sr~ lt`dhyb dm lHq m bynjm` m` ljm` m`h mSlH m` lqlk qws m`k ywm lqbD qlk SlH , llh m fy `ndh Hzb wl tyr slfy llh bry mn kl dyn Hq lmr mnw fy lm tSly llrb l ttwjh Swb lk`b@ llh `f al s`wd bwjhn lbs j`b@ llh ns blHm lHy Swb lqds mjm`@ `m tr`b ldwry@ mllt mdr`@ blbHryn bdwr llw'lw'@
Don't come up in our section if you ain't came in with us Rose bottle pop, we rolled yo rent in this blunt Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang Rose bottle pop, we rolled yo rent in this blunt Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang Don't come up in our section if you ain't came in with us Why you talking crazy like this clip don't hold 30? Call me evil little bitch cause I'm doing niggas dirty
I think I got a problem, really starting to hate bitches Even though I rap I'm still in the kitchen water whipping I ain't doing no dishes, showing these bitches how to get it Free Rock since he got locked I got to run up to get it Heard you out here talking shit I'ma pull up on that bitch Talking about this big chopper when I say we got sticks Gang in this bitch and they shooting shit up We brought the .40s in this bitch but the Draco in the trunk
Goin' crazy in the D, I'm the shit, how you feeling? I'm on a money mission, broke bitch pay attention Hatin' bitches how you living? Gang in this bitch tripping .40 on this wing slippin', 12 flip cause we dipping Lane dripping, I'm on a mission tryna get to the chicken Said you took some shit from me? Lying bitch no you didn't I ain't with the fuck shit, yeah I bust shit
Please don't wa- please don't Please don't wa- please don't Uh, please don't waste my time She said I made you But I made you mine I tried to change you Yeah, But you changed my mind She said I made you
But I made you mine I tried to change you Yeah, But you changed my mind Ooh, please don't waste my time Ooh, please don't kill my vibe Woah, loving you's a crime I put my life on line Yeah, but you wasted time
Yeah, you a waste of time I tried to make you mine You overstepped some mines Let me speak my mind Don't leave me behind Got to keep em close We been ride or dies Till death did we part, took my heart and lungs apart, yeah
Bitch you a disgrace I been trap so long but you woke up to me You get no love from me I got fake bitches showin' fake love to me Bitch you a disgrace So get up out my face Straight up Somethin' ain't right, we can tell yeah
Seem like you lookin' for a problem So my team gon' put you in ? You can not sue me You will never get to ruin me I won't hola back, that's enough of that, never satisfied Oui, Girl oui That's when they smile in my face Whole time they wanna slow my pace
I can tell your love is fake I don't trust a word you say But my brightest moments will be your darkest days Now you all up in the way I been trap so long, bitch you look up to me I been trap so long but you woke up to me I got fake bitches showin' fake love to me So get up out my face
Why is you, why is you, why is you lyin' to my face Girl you running game Got me stressin' out night and day But trust Imma find a way I ? up, you lay up Damn girl you got bad taste Since the ? I ain't been the same That's when they smile in my face
Now they say that were losers, but were winners; were winners in in life. My name is Prince Albert and I got Droz on my side, because we a tag team. We the best tag team in the industry, the WWF and 1999; the attitude era is the best best time, to be a professional wrestler Chorus: We get knocked down and we get back up We use our hands and we use our fist To get the job done and make money Cash them checks and break them necks But we gotta keep fightnin and get back up - four times
Verse 2: We gotta keep fightin and get back up, I'm Prince Albert along with Droz; we the best tag team in the industry, I believe it with all my heart, and this is why we are the best, and we make money all the time Chorus: We get knocked down and we get back up We use our hands and we use our fist To get the job done and make money Cash them checks and break them necks But we gotta
Skrt! Turn! Early in the morning I was chilling at the spot Shoes on the floor coz the money in a box Work in the kitchen coz i'm fucking with the block 30 minutes later police kicking in my spot I'm gone make it right back I'm gone make it right back
Took a loss, I'm gone make it right back Nigga tryna charge, too much for a pound Running up a check, I won't even sweat it Get down to my lab, I'm gone make it stretch All my niggas gunning, and we sell onion Say the wrong shit turn your body to a funyun Gotta get the money coz I just took a loss Bounce right back backboard that's sauce
Where we can learn to love each other as an equal people With my own insecurities, I've learned to hide And found the deepest place within where my demons reside I don't know about them, but I'm not scared to die I know my heart and why my eyes have shed the tears I've cried It's hard to see the world so clear... while the rest seem blind But I overcome the fears and fight the struggles in my mind Don't judge another for anything but what's left Inside Cause when you're broken, your true character is sure to rise So you can't tell me who I am, or what I'm meant to be Or know the things I had to see and feel to finally find... me
I was searching to find peace I was bleeding to live free I was dying inside weak I was screaming inside hoping you would break the wall and look at me So you thought you knew me better? Like it was before? Well before I could touch the sky I had to fall and hit the floor I'm only human, what do you expect of me? All I can do for you is be the best that I can be So if I give you all I have inside, my heart to keep
Am I wrong to expect your best to come to me? And comfort me, when I need a hand to guide When I need the will to try and use my mind to push the line aside Then we can learn to fly... Can we just press play, and find the strength to pave a way For those that fell apart before their time has come to lay I know it's scary, but we knew this day would come along Another moment left in time, where I could write a song Another part of growing up we couldn't sing along Just stay strong... just stay strong
Please for me, I swear one day you'll come to be I swear it, I swear in time I'll learn to breathe I'll climb the mountain, and brush the dirt off of my knees I'll look the keeper in the eyes and I'll swallow it's seed Then hold the power of a million discovered in three When the moment's right, you'll learn to see That place in time I was given to burn beside that tree You'll never know how much that time in life has meant to me So listen to my words then you can hear it in my tone
I just wanna traffic It's too much traffic Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop I just wanna traffic It's too much traffic Sitting in the car tryna move work First time on the road a nigga heart racing
A nigga tryna get to his destination Hustle everyday tryna get ahead I ain't looking side to side, I'm looking straight ahead Back to back traffic and a roadblock I'm tryna get there before 5 o'clock So close I feel like we bout to bump Look under my seat, I got Smith & Wesson I think I see lights but that's my damn reflection
Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it Bust it All the shine on my wrist Club lights got me lit Heard she called me a trick But she still got the dick Double R with the tints
Grill looks like a fist Love to ball, fuck the bench Now I'm turnt like a wrench Get lit, hit licks Rich bitch Get chips Chain big, wrist glitter Man they hate, got 'em mad
So what? I'ma get a bag Bust it Hold the shell, no trace Get the fuck out my space Before I make niggas race Crack, trap Map that, trap packs Take chance, move blocks
Yeah, the year 2017; we about to be real, let's go let's get it Chorus: You ain't got no will, you ain't got no bottle Let's just be honest, let's just be real You ain't got no cash, you ain't got no dollars You stay with that drama, let's just be real Let's just be honest, let's just be real Yeah, let's just be honest, let's just be real
Right now let's be real, for people out in the world, but not only for me and you, so we can be real for God; let's be real to those people, that got there sacrifices in our life and in our body, and they in our presence. No matter what they go through, no matter what you've been through; it doesn't matter, cus at the end of the day it's all about life choices, it's about life sacrifices, it's about pride and joy, it's about that love in your heart and in your spirit Pre-Hook You could call anyone you want I'm a kill 'em all, bet it on it Said we the only ones that stuntin' now Let's just be real Chorus: Yeah let's just be honest, let's just be real
Let's just be honest, we all know the deal So let's just be honest, let's just be real Verse 2: Let's so them people, that we we real, we ain't fake and fony, but we the real ones. We the real superstars and we the real athletes; we the true Saviors and were the true Christians. Let show everybody now, that we got love and joy, and that we got the holy spirit fallen in our spirit, fallen in our arms, that's why we got great hands and we pleed the blood of Jesus, and we go out and celebrate You could call anyone you want I'm a kill 'em all, bet it on it Said we the only ones that stuntin' now Let's just be real
All my bitches eating not one bitch bummy Put the chop to his side have him walking like a monkey Put that bitch to a tussle Blow that bitch I hear a mumble Keep the big forty ruger for them bitches tryna touch me Capture me as yall move cuz a lul' bitch humble Tryna get this money like me baby boy but it's a hustle You gotta stay focused and you gotta have muscle
Wish you was loyal now Turn me up, turn me up Wish you was loyal now Now you wish you was loyal No, you weren't loyal to me Now you wish you was loyal No, you weren't loyal to me From the jump you was fucked up
From the jump you was fucked up, I was blind though Man I never should of loved her Man I never should of trust her, she was fine though I'm gonna let 'em know it's certain shit Treat a nigga like a real nigga, treat his side ho I had lil dough, he had big dough Big dough'll make an unloyal bitch though Bitch had me hypnotized cause she fucked up
Bitch always gotta go, what the fuck for? Always with her friends but they freaky Sneaking and you're geeking with your cheating ass Year passed and you called, I ain't home Sitting on that check and you sitting broke at home Head hurting cause your bill due on your phone While I'm sitting on mils and I'm sitting on the throne Your girls, they told you, do you
Thought you were running but you ain't stand out till the end Thought you would stay down but never down in the pen This time you were broke, you couldn't even afford a pen I was down 15 months, that ain't shit I smoked 15 blunts, get lit I fucked 15 hoes, get it in Boosie Badazz, Rich Homie, we out of here again, again, again Bitches ain't shit, they ain't loyal
They'll fuck you and fuck your partner Then they might act like they ain't know about it Try to play stupid I'll bust a nigga in the face like Cupid I ain't talking valentine nigga Fuck the bitch, no valentine nigga Swear to hell, Albert Einstein nigga 21 primetime nigga, baby don't lie to me
Now your mama looking at the BET awards Like "that supposed to be my son in law" Look like karma coming back to get you Heard you got a nigga and he hit you Heard you got a nigga and he broke though And you ain't got no job, you a broke ho I ain't know, back then I ain't know though I must have been tripping off the dodo
I thought we was Dorothy and Todo Looking through the flicks and I ran 'cross a photo Me in my Levi's you in the Polo Back then you ain't think it'd end up like this, huh? Me in the G5, you on the bus though She got the running out of lies like Johnny Test Always got to leave when it's time to stay Shit ain't the same when it's time to leave
Cause I know you're anxious, baby I know you're anxious, for me But you just gotta try to relax, try to relax, try to relax I wrote the majority of this rap on a bean bag under the JMZ train tracks The bro P on the motherfucking boards, homeboy Went from Del's liquor to Deli's in the Bronx nigga I'm just a youngin from Del Amo With a belt by Ferragamo doin' what I want to
You know what I'm up to I hit the Bodega for the Backwoods Pack of Dutches if you lucky nigga Cups with the ice Just doing just doing what I want to, you know what I'm up to You know what I'm up to I swear to God I wish I wrote this fucking verse on Mother's Day That ain't got shit to do with this or does it? Fuck it, Anyway
I've been miseducated, mislead, misinterpreted Misunderstood, mistaken, misjudged That's why I'm a misfit, up to mischief On a mission, in a missionary, hittin missionaries That was all misses, terms with 'mis' prefixes to be specific All you feminists should be on my dick for this shit But listen close, this where shit get tricky What all these words have in common is that they're all iffy
Hence misogyny, obviously I'd switch the 'y' in 'mystery' with 'i' if I could If you was Nuit you would know it nigga But you're not so I guess y'all good Uh, so one time for the women Two times for the ladies, three times for the bitches Uh, don't forget about the bitches Adam's rib ain't adding up, this story must be more extensive
Meiosis, mitosis and some mo' shit Noah had motion in the ocean before his boat did And you know why, I love my mama so much And I can't watch my lil' sister grow up, so I-- Went from Del's liquor to Deli's in the Bronx nigga I'm just a youngin from Del Amo With a belt by Ferragamo doing what I want to I hit the Bodega for the Backwoods
Put it up, put it up, put it up We in the strip club Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Back it up, back it up Back it up, back it up Yo, I told her bend over Back dat ass up, you know it's over You know me, looking real low key
Y'all could call this, motherfuckin' bossy Looking real flossy Yeah, you looking real green Call it camouflage if you know what I mean In a business world Like every word I spit is so off air And every word that I kill is so off air Man, Chambord to my left chambord to my right
It's gon' be a good night Ya'll better be hyped Ya'll better be hyped, yo Spend that money keep that girl all right It's how we do this tonight Put it up, put it up, put it up Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Work, work, work, and back it up
I like my girls, girls, girls with dat ass, wassup Shake it for a nigga like you know what's up You know I'm drunk as hell and I'm high as fuck She a bad bitch, with a lot of damn tricks Had a nigga wanna grab that ass cheek, uh I can't stop, there's this bitch, on my hit list Moving on the floor with dem big tits, uh I can't handle it
Tryna dodge the fakes but never knew it was too late Open Heaven's Gates so I can learn from my mistakes You could call it fate All I wanna do is pray You could call it fate All I wanna do is pray Tryna dodge the fakes but never knew it was too late Open Heaven's Gates so I can learn from my mistakes I dont feel the same since that day Nothing was the same since that day
Everybody around me got an attitude But these niggas ain't O'Shea I grind everyday. all time everyday I dont fuck with that direction I just shine every way Fuck no I dont smoke This nigga won't blaze I just bring the heat every body gets cremate Everybody gets replaced All I do is update I will never be a memory that is not my fate
Shout out to KR You know KR? Yeah he came he showed love at my last show man Rap his ass off Yeah And back when I was at that TV, we put him on rap fix Like I was always into what he was doing And this week he dropped a song that's more melodic
Oh word? Its more like a vibe And I was like, yo, this shits crazy, so I just started tweeting about it And he just hit me like thank you I didn't tweet about it cause I knew I just liked it so I tweeted about it And then he and I got to talking And he was like man I see like what's going on with Bryson and its so inspiring because it just lets me feel like it could happen Yeah
Maybe it could happen Possibilities are everlasting now Baby it could happen Maybe happen for me And you For me This the same nigga that was an outcast I been the same nigga since the years past
When I hit the labels they ain't hit me back And every time I hitted up a girl she ain't call me back This the same nigga yeah I told you once I never been exposed to the streets but I know the stunts yeah I'm a grown man now with my father hey And even though you wasn't there I'ma have my back stabbed How you gonna tell me you believed in me? When its bullshit you feeding me
I was tryna make a name you kept telling me to change and you kept on pleading me I was broke sleeping on couches, ghost wrote for niggas then they was acting I was begging for money shit I was even crouching Trying to find myself in other peoples houses Thinking of death man I fucking holla I wrote their hits didn't get a dollar How you gonna shout me and tell me that I'm lit while I'm writing all these hits and other artists took this shit? A lot of friends turned fake on me
You know how we get down We roll up by the pound, we pass that shit around When we were using the couch, lost pills got found I got you up in the clouds Every time you came around You let me put it in your mouth Hit it 'til it goes out, hit it 'til it goes out You know how we get down
And my future so bright that I'm copping Gucci shades And your girl keep calling tryna ask what's on the way And I'm copping some Versace with Medusa and the snake Bad bitch from Lawtown yeah she lovin how this sounds I'm a living Prodigy so don't be shocked when I'm crowned Like Uber Everywhere Lawtown is my place You can call us Kanye cause we do this shit all day We forever TME so we gonna keep it real
We forever TME so we gonna keep it real Like Uber Everywhere Lawtown is my place Poppin fresh yeah cause all I get is dough Call an Uber to my place with them tinted windows In that black SUV pretty sure that they know I don't make my moves hot gotta keep it on the low Ask them girls if they with me pretty sure they won't deny Tryna join my girls well you gotta be a dime
I wanna get the cash and I want the fame too Yeah I wanna get the cash and I want the fame too I can't fuck with thots they want the gwop Only when you on the top Uber fucking everywhere I can't fuck with thots they want your gwop Only when you on the top Uber fucking everywhere
I haven't had that pussy in a minute, in a minute I told here when I did it I'ma hit it, I'ma hit it She told me that she want it, I'll be there when I'm finished Ooh, girl, I'm on the way, aye How'd you let the club in them bottom make 'em play 'em? I'm on the way Wait, she told me that she cooking I said go on and make a plate, I'm on the way
Aye, aye, aye, aye I'm on the way Ooh, girl, I'm on the way, you know you're on my mind I see you getting thick from behind and them thighs She looked at me like Nala, said "nigga, why you lyin'?" Girl, with all the shaking, might as well come with fries Love it when she cook steak and taters on the side That grown woman shit, might as well add some wine
She like "baby, hurry up so we can take our time" Fine, I'mma call you when a nigga outside, aye Hello? Where you at? I'm coming Baby, where are you? Chill, let me get my charger out the outlet Me say where yuh deh?
Baby, let me finish putting on my outfit I'ma be honest, I ain't even left the house yet Doing 80 in a 60, fuck a ticket, fuck this I haven't had that pussy in a minute, in a minute I told here when I did it I'ma hit it, I'ma hit it She told me that she want it, I'll be there when I'm finished Ooh, girl, I'm on the way, aye How'd you let the club in them bottom make 'em play 'em?
Wait, she told me that she cooking I said go on and make a plate, I'm on the way Shea Butter on my face, different color laces Ass clapping, standing ovation, alright I can get you fly if we fly to Dubai Lions, tigers, bears, oh my I just bought a bottle just to toast I ain't paid yet, bought another bottle for the hoes
She a closet freak so I fucked her on some clothes And I'm a d-boy so I fucked her on the stove Yeah, baby, on the way Try to fuck with me and I put her on the waiting list Baby, dead a lame, put 'em on the hating list Planning getting money, he ain't even making cents Mr. Pay-Your-Rent, pussy better have a good scent Double cup filled up with Prince
Lepa, a sama, kroz noci belog grada Njoj ne treba reklama Ponude joj sve, kaze "Ne, mogu sama" Pogledaj, u ocima se tvojim ja ogledam K'o metak kida grudi kada me pogleda A tebe zeli svako jako Lepim usnama da ljubis me polako A njeno telo gori, ona je sve sto volim
Bar jednom mi dozvoli da te volim Ona hoce sve, to lepotom dobija A kad me pogleda, nista je ne odbijam Dacu pare sve, ispred nje ih prosipam Haljina providna, a ti k'o boginja Ona zna sve to, ne stidi se I vadi, vadi lovu, daj ne brini se... You know how I like it
A bilo bi nam dobro I staje ceo svet kad sam sa tobom I sve do sad, sto nisam, sa tobom bi probo Ma uvek dominantna, uvek elegantna Zavodis kad hodas, po zivot si riskantna A njeno je telo nezno kao svila A kad me pogleda, nista je ne odbijam Dacu pare sve, ispred nje ih prosipam
Yeah she wanna party Yeah she wanna part I'm skipping class like I'm Playboi Carti She just wanna dance so I dip it down I'm the king around here so I rock the crown Step in Bathing Ape when i run the town Fly to Colorado bout to cop a pound Yeah I like your outfits and I like your style
Girl sit back down cuz we just started We never finished Seems like back ago I told you shit was getting reckless I never meant it but don't leave a message It's only getting better I'm making love songs while you sitting there and writing letters I don't fuck with no hoes I never changed the story I know that shit for the shows
You claiming that I'm the one girl I don't even know Back where you raised with the wolves And that's where shit was done Back when you always with me But now that shit is gone All these rappers in the acid Burning flames until it's ashes What's the point of even asking
These girls just waste my time Fuck you for all you crimes Don't even start the lie I know that shit was permitted for only broken times You broken back into pieces girl I don't even mind What's the point of excuses when you up in denial Hook : I don't want no bitches Don't want no fakes
4x Chorus : I want no bitches I want no fakes I want no hoes 2x I want no bitches I want no hoes 2x
I want no bitches Verse 2 : Don't ask me questions girl it seems you got a situation Just make sure your shit never evenvolves irritation YM ain't included he be out the ratio Young bitch tell lies Young bitch in disguise Young nigga can't lie Young nigga don't lie
You got a long life ahead Get drunk on the weekend Sip on these bitches But they all got rejected Motherfucker give me head when we still up on the basement Hook : I don't want no bitches Don't want no fakes 4x
Tochu gesha muko Tokuto seki doseki suru koitsu-ra mekki janai Kono Buddha to Shakka wa Kiki nogasenai kon'na yaba-mena shin Shakka, Buddha shosha koko ni kizasu Nusumi no bigaku ni yoi kuruwasu Nana-ri no majin ga koko ni tsudou Ill joint kono jointo gatchiri to kikasu
Do dekai yabai toho no kishi Kyokuto no shu Ore Pussy metcha suki Wakku MCs metta kirishi ni kita kurassha Kotoba no pazuru no ore ga osama Yami buroka shin no hyogen-sha Budda no dan'na bad motherfucker Irufiruta no atama n naka ni motta Budda shirushi no kaibutsu-sama wa tobinuke teru
Butto kutte miruku Shomi kigen mugen de cho deep don' t sleep Yojin shi toke I' m da bomb baby Shiteki saino ni megumareta ore wa yami no hi no hitsuke-yaku Takaku sobietatsu Fukitobasu kaki kesu supure Hyakuju no O Otoge raine hibiki watara su Ooto Danchigai sutairu motsu ore Pika ichi
Too much money in this photo They asking do we ever move in slow mo', Not At All Not At All, Not At All When the squad is in the building dog is trouble We going to work clocking in and doing doubles I came from the mud you getting mad I'm in my duffle We do it to def nigga Rick Rubin and Russel Nigga that's that go secure the bag rap
Tell me what them other niggas mad at Youngin's in them Empire dad hats Early morning on them red eye like a lab rap The coup sounds like DMX when I start it What these bitches want from a nigga baby I'm heartless Vel just hit me on the Facetime right now And told me to tell you nigga you garbage It's chopped cheeses and champagne
Bitch you know the camp name, Empire campaign Nigga it's a damn shame The way they're taking shots at the squad though If I go to the top nigga we all go The Henny got me feeling like a Burro Too much money in this photo They asking do we ever move in slow mo', Not At All From the same nigga tryna take it from me
When I was down you didn't want me Now you tellin everyone you love me, funny Still though I'ma pay the bill, tell your shawties they can chill I like smoking, you do pills, what you feel, real I know what's the deal, did a month out on the field Now we all up in Negril eating well Look, I know what you want, I got what you want Big body in the front, that's my shawty's trunk
All these thotties on me 'cause they see I'm countin' bands Bankroll in my pockets, same color as my pants In a foreign, yeah, I'm driftin' in Japan Shawty, what's your name, why the hell you want a xan? All these thotties on me 'cause they see I'm countin' bands Bankroll in my pockets, same color as my pants, ayy Ayy, blue jeans, blue cheese, yeah, I'm flexed up Shawty on my team 'cause she say a nigga next up
Shawty, you don't love me, you just want me 'cause my bands up Pull up in a foreign, yeah I'm driftin' to the bando, ayy Servin' yellow, servin' green to the fiends Boy, you sippin' NyQuil, why the hell you think it's lean, yeah All y'all niggas talkin', boy, y'all shooters through a screen Japanese shawty with the rips up in her jeans, yeah I-in a foreign, yeah, I'm driftin' in Japan Bankroll in my pockets, same color as my pants
Oh baby do what you do Come through they stare Cause you're the baddest in here Baddest chick, baddest chick Baddest chick, baddest chick You the baddest chick Ohhh, girl you're so bad I'm qualified, qualified
Baby fuck with me cause I'm qualified And she down to do anything you thought about Only in a tight circle, all you squares not allowed If you tryna holla at her, better get in line Always lookin' on point, baby she forever fine The way you move make me wanna do it seven times Murder that thing like they got me on channel 9 Them other honeys is whatever, pay 'em never mind
A lot of girls got opinions but she give better mind I love the way you move Oh baby do what you do Come through they stare Cause you're the baddest in here You the baddest chick Ohhh, girl you're so bad I'm qualified, qualified
Baby fuck with me cause I'm qualified Young Bravo, when she come through the loft I'mma have my phone off 'til tomorrow Baby know when to be a freak, there's a time and place But catch on the street, got style and grace, hey Momma taught me bout a woman, homies taught me bout a ho Never get em twisted, that's just how it go A kind deserver a queen, and a queen deserve a palace
Baby make no mistake, you the baddest What's up with it? And how you do what you do They stare, they stare I know they stare at you Cause you're the baddest in the room Oh, oh, cause girl you're so bad Ayo
YO SHOUT OUT TO THE FIENDS THEY GON' GET THIS WORK IF YOU LOVE HIP-HOP YOU GON' GET THIS WORK BIG SHOUT OUT TO THE GIRLS WHO USED TO GO TO CHURCH LIKE IMA DO IT MY WAY YOU KNOW I BEEN GEEKING SINCE FRIDAY WE LOVE TO PARTY DAMN SHE REALLY PARTY EVERYDAY SHE REALLY PARTY EVERYDAY ANYHOW AND ANYWAY DAMN
SHE LIKE LET'S HAVE SOME FUN BABE I'M DTF BABE YOU GOT THE DRUGS BABE? I GOT THE DRUGS BABE I LOVE THE DRUGS BABE AND YOU LOVE THE DRUGS BABE NEVER QUIT DRUGS BAE COZ WE LOVE THE DRUGS BAE COZ SHE REALLY PARTY EVERYDAY HE REALLY PARTY EVERYDAY ANYHOW AND ANYWAY DAMN ANYHOW AND ANYWAY
YEAH MY BIH STAYED DOWN FROM THE JUMP SHE BEEN DOWN FROM THE JUMP DOWN FROM THE JUMP MY BAE HELD IT DOWN FROM THE JUMP SHE BEEN REAL FROM THE START MY BIH STAYED DOWN WITH ME SHE KEPT IT REAL FROM THE JUMP REAL FROM THE JUMP SHE A RIDE OR DIE CHICK MAN I SWEAR SHE BEEN RIGHT LIKE THAT FROM THE JUMP OH GAAD SHE A BAD BIH I SEE EVERY SINGLE NIGGER IN THE ROOM TRYNA FUCK GADDAM SHE A BAD BIH SHE GOT HER BODY DOING MAGIC
AND I GOT THE MAGIC STICK SHE GOT THE MAGIC LIPS WE DOING MAGIC YEAH MY BIH STAYED DOWN WITH ME SHE A REAL BIH I GOT LOVE FOR A REAL BIH GOTTA MAKE IT BOUNCE FOR ME ON SOME REAL SHIT DO THE DANCE THAT GOT MAKE MY CRANBERRY SPILL DO THE DANCE THAT GON' LET ME KNOW IM STILL TRILL DO THE DANCE FOR ME IF YOU IS A REAL BIH
I hear you calling my name She's bad bad for me I take her to my room she screem oooww I hear you calling my name Bad girl, easy on the nigga, ma I know you evil, how you put it on the nigga, ma Your body freaky freaky Got me drowning deeply deeply
See we could make a movie and they show it in the Cinema I want your body, honey You want money? Girl, I'm wishing i could make it pour But baby, i got way more Things to show you Hold my hand, lemme hold that ass Squeeze it like a black berry, you know I'm bold like that
We keep it rough, but we quite prudent They hating cos we got chemistry like science students Look girl I wanna beat you on the table Put my back into it Get you wired like a cable Girl, girl Henny in the cup, we getting tipsy
We could make it mix, this feeling and that Whiskey Your hand on my zip, you know that's risky I make you humble, call me daddy like P Diddy Yeh eyeh, aaanana ooooow Shes's bad, bad for me I take her to my room she screem ooooww She's bad bad for me I take her to my room she screem oooww
Omo she bad like chocolate, ashayo She dey blow my mind like pairo She take it off time, take time ooo And when she whine that thing, she know say she go make me craze 1 chance that i gat, i can make you mine forever 1 dance she's so hot, she's so hot Girl i wanna spend all my time with you Make you stay the night, for the night of 2
Baby your my time, your my times times 2 Your bad like you are a crime Girl shes's bad, bad for me Eeeyeah eeeyeah eeyeah Ooow yeah yeah Anytime I call you answer, baby dont let my hand go for another Eyeah eyeah eyeah Shom me that you feel me inside, just call my name
Ah, here comes the big bad wolf, come and get HaZz Roll a blunt so fast you get whiplash Bad bitty wanna ride wit a real nigga, she thing she at 6 flags Young nigga, go get ya fix HaZz Ah, but make it quick That shit lit, lemme flick my bic Im still All cause i want a benz with some big wheels, ah
Y'all bitches do all that net talk But what the fuck is up? Bitch Ayy If you don't like me bitch, fight me bitch But I know that's unlike you bitch If you don't like me bitch, fight me bitch Ayy, how you doin'? My name Molly Current mood: fuck everybody
You don't like my attitude? Then sorry I throw these bitches like a party They say they gone jump me, I dare 'em to try It's gone be weave everywhere like the beauty supply I feel like Pac, I'm ready to ride You think you big? You ready to die? Ho, I ain't never scared 20 deep in this bitch, we came well-prepared
Ho, I ain't never scared But I know that's unlike you bitch Ayy, y'all look like y'all shop at Foreman Mills Stomp yo ass out in some four-inch heels You probably run the scene like Lauren Hill I'm high as hell, I'm on the pill My bro locked up, tryna get a appeal Shit get real in the field
Come from jail to sentence these niggas you know Putting the water on the stove to get it hot jacuzzI tipping I'm too legit to quit nigga I'm too legit to fucking quit nigga I'm too legit to fucking quit nigga I came from nothing to something nigga grind on instantly I quit that whipper bitching me on my mamma ain't no bitch in me Look what they did to me they made me famous lie Amos
Now they see I ain't just rapping I'm a notorious gangster They gon pay for putting a nigga in hell up in this jail cell No I can't quit look at all this fucking fan mail Too legit to fall off boss man boss hog System tried to kill me but they mission is a lost cause Warner brothers dropping but them dropping me won't make me stop Biggest name up in the game it ain't no way that I could flop Quit, is you sick you must be smoking dope at dog's fool
The root of my family tree everybody depend on me Go shake that L off you see fighting till my nigga free If it came to where you can't depend on P you could depend on me Quitting shit ain't in my blood losing lane ain't in my system If it's in my heart I ain't go stop till I complete the mission I'm just too ready too crazy Been insane Ma mama told me pop left me
So I let the streets raise me Every since God made me I was raised to be shady I'm too strange too dumb Too consistent with the drum Too persistent will I fear resistance you know how I come Yes I live the life of a thug yes I'm a gangster Yes I keep one in the chamber for them strangers My anger may send me to hell I'm like ok no
This real life shit dawg no court dates My fortake was murder murder Pushed cocaine to CalI young coke I sell dope Smoke indoor hollar at me in the end though I'm just a nigga with money Don't know how to fail I'm too legit to quit nigga keep it real Now what is this? Came a long way came way too far to stop now
This rap shit all I got, get in my way you getting shot down Live and breathe this street shit on the real that's all some G shit Shot five times still ain't stop me bring my heat quick I'm military minded shell shocked from all them shootouts Running through the hood strapped trading fire till it run out I heard they want my head but tell em fuck em come and get me I'm a everyday best believe some hitters with me You clowns must be crazy leave my people saying
Foolish never slipping all my enemies getting smashed on Got a dream of doing this rap shit steady praying that I make it But these haters try and stop me green fire when my K spit Go and get it I ain't stopping mixtapes I'm steady dropping Working hard for these millions I want all my homies popping Yeah touring overseas run them franz in dubaI A celebration for the dead I want their names in the sky I'm too legit to too legit to too Legit to
We was serving eggshell to yo momma hen Fifteen I was lusted by my momma friends Grown money, dope money Whatcha know money? Lock the door, make sure that he ain't told nothing I'm Ceasar to the Apes bathing by the lake, hey Shark hoody serving water to yah mates, woo Triangle face what's the combo to the safe, nigga
Desert eag' feel a squeeze tees with ya picture Woo, gangster gangster, nothing but some gangster stuff Aye, I'm praying five times a day and I don't pray enough And when I die, hug my momma when she cry, ok And when I die, look my daddy in his eyes, please Funeral full of real nigga OGs I'm moving LIL Terio, you breaking OZs It's still the four letter word to the police
Most my niggas locked up or they paroles Hey, we don't do the swine, heater cook the whole beef Strap make a nigga lean like the codine You off the pills then you just another fiend to me Aye, but I gotcha bro tell me tell me whatcha need I try to put my cousin on, he only mess with Keys You go against my blood, guarantee a nigga bleed It's still the four letter word to the police
I got the stripes and then I got the check like Kobe Whatcha know about it, foolie My whole hood be wild'n I pull the big gun Brought the lil hoe up out 'em It left a big hole Now nobody know about 'em Hey, he was talking sideways
I tried to told 'em bout it Please don't run up, gun nice with the jumper Hey, put your love on a couple of tees like Shumpert One they C, foolies be like, OK Like the Thunder I'm Thor with this hammer, my nigga And you don't want it, woo Woo, gangster gangster, nothing but some gangster stuff
One minute we're nothing, the next minute we're friends Then we're no more than acquaintances And you love me but don't want relationships And I wanna talk, but it's make it quick I can take a bit but don't take the piss This is blatant shit, wanna shake the bitch Like this ain't a game to me At the end of it, you just wanna make her see
But it's just this one thing like Amerie To her it all might be make believe You take the fall then I'll break the fall Really and truly, I ain't gonna hurt you And any problems, trust, we can work through It ain't a yes, a no I'm not much of a maybe guy You're njot my girl, I'm just your friend
I'm not your man and you're just my brejrin Every time we both ride out on a night out It always turns to a next ting Now it's lipsing, now it's affection Now it's cribsing, now it's attention All my brejrins, no this one Can't tell if it's her or the sauvignon And the peach schnapps, morning time, statements retract
And you're thinking how can it be that So for the time being We should draw a line seeing As you can't make your mind up Even still you do take my time up Soon enough I'll tell you it's time up Then you'l tell me you love me, that's my luck Take a seat and tell me what you think, girl
You know I can make you wet baby You know I can make you scream baby Just let a nigga cum inside baby She fucking with the whole team She fucking with the... She fucking with the whole crew She says she don't know you What you mean she your girlfriend ?
The bitch gave me head too The bitch don't love you Nah nah You know I can make you wet baby You know I can make you scream baby Just let a nigga cum inside baby I can change shit in one night I can take your bitch one time
I can make your bitch pussy mine I don't need no pick up line I don't need no... You know that I'm fucking with some baddies Eat that pussy up like a patty This dick can make your bitch happy I can run game like an athlete Your girl calling me daddy
But she will always love 'em cause they got history Girl you trippin', take a sip 'n' raise yo' glass to who we missin' Then just dip and never call me while I stay trying to fit in I'm a loser, I'm a loner, I'm a person who been wishin' I can stop fucking with same hoes and move on to the women I been fantasizing 'bout the world's last day I'm feelin' shitty, I felt worse last May Ain't nothin' on this planet that can keep us apart
Bounce like a motherfuckin' '64, sick flow Slick talk, spittin' that Crisco Drop that shit like a cholo at the dub show Homie, if you're broke, oh, no you don't deserve hoes All these fake ballers only gettin' on my nerves though I just cracked a 40, now I'm sippin' out the straw slow Little bit of ratchet, little boujee, you should all know Everybody got opinions, yeah, like assholes
You ain't gotta worry 'bout those, 'cause they assholes We just came to party, party, party, what you came for? Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house Bounce that ass, bounce that ass, yeah, bounce it Puff the lah or get high off the contact Call the law, we gon' make sure we come back Fallin' off, we ain't ever been about that Hundred spokes spinnin' on a chrome rim I got a feelin' that tonight we gon' be goin' in I'm with a few bad bitches and some grown men
With the ice so cold, I feel like I'm Snowden I feel like I'm rollin', but the whole place geeked up It's gettin' hot in here, down to my wife beater But you ain't gotta worry, we ain't dangerous We came up Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this Mo, m-m-mo bounce, blazin' up Backyard, back, b-b-b-bumpin'
Make the beat boys go crazy Yeah, yeah Hang it on, hang it on my boom box Posting on the corner Make the beat boys go crazy Yeah, yeah Hang it on, hang it on my boom box My boom box turned up, you can hear my shit clashing
We got the fly ladies, with the face and asses if I ask her She laid it on my hand, later I'll be smashing jack in my fashions Man I'm looking fresh, not dressed like these clowns This , yeah Hiphop is ever-lasting And my boom box, poppin' like
You can't put it out a cigarette SBs on my feet, forget that, stick like that Yeah, no Haters on the cartoon But I don't hear Nathan I just hear my bone You'll get fresh, fresh is what I'm 'bout Yes, kicks on my feet, I can't catch out
Oh yes, album isn't even out yet SBs and I can fly like self-lash Not to mention, I've been fresh since pre-school Lying on your heart just to be cool When I can probably have the girl but Got me hype at it My boom box on the party Ain't nobody Sikkis me
But if it's not right what can I do? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I want to love you But if it's not right what can I do? Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Baby get some sleep tonight Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Baby get some sleep tonight
Never knew her name, they're looking all the same to me They only chase the fame, there's no one left to blame but me Never knew her name, they're looking all the same to me She said she can't feel her face, right now I can't feel my heart For your feelings there's no place, but you knew that from the start Missing everything you say, it's not important what you stand for You're asking will he be the one, I'll be gone before you're done tonight Waiting for another day, you're not getting what you paid for
Fuck up out my face nigga And you know that choppa blow away niggas Yeah Can't take niggas And you know I tote that 40, finna bang niggas Get the fuck up out my face nigga And you know that choppa blow away niggas I hate hoe niggas
Broke niggas Pretending like we date nigga Got a whole bitch, but always in my face nigga Bros over hoes Mannnnn y'all niggas gay nigga How you wanna chill? You ain't got no place nigga I hate wet niggas
Fake trap niggas Always on your phone tryna match nigga Link in my bio, always tryna rap niggas I hate lame niggas No name niggas False claiming like you gang nigga Want a bitch like me, but only for the fame niggas Y'all really just hoe niggas
So let me play my role niggas Aye Man I hate niggas Snake niggas Only hang with my gang members Got a whole nigga at the crib, but when she around us that's the crew hoe Hate a dumb bitch Bum bitch
Who taking me to get lunch bitch Stuck up on the net bitches Fucked up without mac bitches Now we don't text back bitches I hate a messy hoe Lying niggas Tryna hang with the mob niggas You ain't part of our squad nigga
San-tana, AY Tick, tock Tick, tock Get on the grind like clockwork You hear the sounds of the tick You hear the sounds of the tock You hear the sounds of the clock Move to the sound of the tick
Move to the sound of the tock Move to the sound of the clock yep yep Now lemme see you get that block work rolling Lemme see you get that clockwork going Fiends copping by the clockwork flowing All day and all night Till them S.W.A.T. cops rolling
Or that clock, stop, going Tick, tock, tick, tock, AY Homie, get on the grind like clockwork Two for five or a dime, that's clockwork Shorty You ain't gettin off the hook that easy Lemme see that clockwork She said look that's easy
Tick, tock, tick, tock, AY Shorty, move that behind like clockwork And spin around to the sound of how the clock work You hear the sounds of the tick You hear the sounds of the tock You hear the sounds of the clock Move to the sound of the tick Move to the sound of the tock
Move to the sound of the clock yep yep Mad trees and shrees and dungarees The city under siege Kitchen 100 degrees I love that summer breeze I stand in it til' it freeze I'm from another creed them S-s-southern G's I sip Promethazine I lean I stand tall
I'm mean I'm mad raw I'm comin' like fastballs Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right One of my snippets'll end your whole life You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife So be smart and play your own part If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the L
Wish I could touch you Show you how I love you, but You don't even hear me You can't see me Wish I could touch you Show you how I love you, but But, you don't even hear me Wish there was something I could do
You can be as good as the best of them But as bad as the worst, so don't test me You better move over And you know that I'm bad than most of them I'm the real one to test so don't play me I think you know better Frank White the Desperado used to rock the all-black Movado The all-black El Dorado
All that and a bottle of Dom P 'Cause this is the last time I'm warning you And I ain't gonna say it no more Is Brooklyn in the house without a doubt? I'm the rapper with clout everybody yap about Check it out guns, I bust em Problems with my wife, don't discuss em Coupes and Learjets, I lust them
You can be as good as the best of them But as bad as the worst, so don't test me You better move over And you know that I'm bad than most of them I'm the real one to test so don't play me I think you know better You don't stop, then we won't stop 'Cause we won't stop if you don't stop
If I'm on top, then you on top And we won't stop, we all we got I display, Hot 97 rhyme-ready Cocked Mac-11, line steady And you know she say facts Your mom's an actress Yeah whatever, how you gon' talk that trash? Matter fact, laid back, let's get this cash
Now I couldn't be there Now you shouldn't be scared I'm in a bag And I'm under each snare Intangible Bet you didn't think so I command you to Panoramic view Look I'll make it all in a bag
Pick and choose Sit and lose All you different bags Chicks and dudes Picture you gettin' in a bag too Like you lit the fuse You think it's fictional? Mystical? Maybe
Spiritual Hero who appears in you to clear your view when you're in a bag Lifeless To those the definition for what life is Priceless To you because I put you in a bag You like it? Gun smokin' righteous with one toke
You're psychic among those Possess you with one go I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad I'm useless but in a bag The essence the basics Without did you make it Allow me to make this Child-like in nature
Rhythm You have it or you don't that's a bag I'm in them Every sprouting tree Every child of peace Every cloud and sea You see in a bag I see destruction and demise
Corruption in disguise From this bag enterprise Now I'm sucked into your lies Through Russel, not his muscles but percussion he provides For me in a bag Y'all can see me now 'cause you don't see with your eye You perceive with your mind That's the inner
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin' this Parmesan where my accountant lives, in fact, I'm downin' this Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods? I get way too petty once you let me do the extras Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris AM to the PM, PM to the AM, funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk My left stroke just went viral Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note It's levels to it, you and I know Bitch, be humble Sit down
Be humble Sit down Be humble Bitch, sit down Bitch, sit down Who that nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks Still I take you down right on your mama couch in Polo socks Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
CHORUS X2 My fuckin baby is so craze - na so so we both crew My fuckin baby is so craze - yo fuckin bae ain't this bad VERSE I We dey fuck yo na bustin nutts - heha Anytime we dey buckin wild - hahaa If this wall coulda cast on us - I know Hey, you see what we do and we do it for the fun
Neighbors call police I'm chatten her, all the time Onlything they see is what they missing, day and night All the cops see the light of cheers aha, in her eyes Here is a lady in the dark but a freak in the light VERSE II To the town where the tower bell is sounding a rang And the cars full of men and their women in it too I be cool in it, cuz, me dey cruise and na we dey cross
It's all for affliation and affection, I dey sick I no dey make any effort but gets the best for this girl And then can you guess who ga the gain in this shine My fuckin baby, so fuckin cool If it's snow she can break cold like thunder at the pole Ain't no tea in bed, na she dey tease stitching still My fucking baibe - You so, so, uhh sinner and shit VERSE III X2
Sleepingprince productions Ayy, ayy What? What? Ayy Ayy, fuck these hoes, fuck these hoes Fuck these hoes, I don't like them, no Niggas talkin' shit, that's a no I'm so wavy I might just need a boat
Divin' in that pussy from coast to coast Hittin' licks from do' to do' All my niggas stay in commando Sauced in Polo mixed with Armando Baby, you so fine and divine, you don't need no clothes Foreign bitch from Tokyo Plug hit me up on my Motorola trappin' phone What's the play for tonight?
Kill a nigga then we go Beat the sun then we glow Trust no bitch, but that dope Plant that shit then we grow, ayy I'm so wavy I might just need a boat Divin' in that pussy from coast to coast Hittin' licks from do' to do' All my niggas stay in commando
Flow sounds five stars, my darg Why would you even try come check a ting with my bars I mean, why would you lie bars Man I never got shy bars Never know dead bars, left in my memoir Shoot and take out your head bars Man'll make man scatter like fed cars You better mind where you step bars
Man can't par lyrically, bring artillery Yeah man, I got Ghetts bars Stand up get parred, yeah with the next bars Like 'you don't wanna see me get vex' bars It's the titan and you bite like Tyson Don't think Kamdog's ever took bars Don't need luck bars, don't try take man for a mug bars I got verses, chorus and hook bars
Aj da radimo to, ali neka bude nasty Hocu gaduru u krevetu, napolju da je fensi Porno princeza, da zbog nje ne znam gde sam Da, da, guza joj je besna, cupi tesna, evo pesma ej! Ljubav na ler nije fer ali one vole to A i drugovi ko kumovi vole da daju gol Kas dos, os mos da ga natankas? Kas dos, os mos da ga natankas?
Da ga natankas?, Da ga natankas? A mi smo banuli na majk Bilibanula na lajv? Kad u planu nije dan bez bleje To mi daje krajnje logican kraj Dodaj taj, tajsi, i upadaj mi gajbi! Da li bi ja i ti u duelu povileneli? Ke-keve mi tu svi bi zanemeli
Oni to prvi put vide ko da smo mali zeleni U isto vreme plodim i oplemenim Dok dim, dim, samo vidim dim, dim Sot-sot -sot, slistim tri Da smislim s kim pada cin Blant kao madafakin dzin Jedna mala, jedna mala, jedna mala, jedna mala Svako jutro ti se mazes jebenim labelom
Okolo bi tu da vrckas guzicom debelom Jahti uvek prilazi zvanoj "Kralj je s belom" Moje gandzamansko telo tvoje telo bi sad htelo Ti si fensi riba bivsi mazo ti se gelom Pala je fraktura picka dobila je prelom Zato slusaj kucko, moram reci svetu celom Moje gandzamansko telo tvoje telo bi' sad htelo Ispred zgrade, ispred zgrade
Necu da ti prolazim pored mame i tate Cekam te napolju oko 12 Da li os mos, ili te grize savest? Na parkingu u mraku cekam jos od pola 12 Da li os mos, il jos te grize savest? U kolima se volimo pa idemo na party Ti sijas kao Lester, ja zabijam ko Vardi! Ljubav na ler nije fer, nije fer, nije fer...
Yo bitch hit me up and she said what's the sitch She fucking with you but she missing my dick I ride over there and I pass her the stick She pulled down my pants and she gave me a lick Yo bitch she a squirrel, got my nuts in her mouth We fucked in yo room and we fucked on the couch Bust on her ass, now it look like a cloud Neighbors came over cause we was too loud
Lap up that pussy like cats drinking milk Fuck on the roof, bust a nut, and then dip She wipe it all off, you go home, and ya'll kiss The taste on her lip is the taste of my dick Heard about a bitch thick like Khalifa Know I hit it loud just like my reefer If you wanna quick, just call me a cheetah Shit be turnin' up here just like my speaker
Bring yo girlie over, get with my dick Hit that shit and then I play with her clit Shit so tight, don't think that I'm gonna fit Dick so good, she ain't gon never forget Hit that ass and then I bust on her ear Grad my clothes and get the fuck out of here Fuckin' and dippin' cause bitch I don't care Walkin' all over ya ass like some stairs
Pew pew Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh ayy I might fuck on his bih Ayy I might fuck on his bitch, yuh Boy I don't take shit, I'm a walkin' lick I need shawty hold my Glock Yuh, the way them diamonds dancin', Lil Uzi, yuh
It's seven It's heaven, it's seven, it's heavy Shine a light on the fake This way my peeps can have it all Street prophet, sweets geeked off it Seek profit, cook styles eat off it Think unique, tires squeak, jewels blink Defy critique, high peaks, comped suites
She said I'm too deep, then she fell asleep How that llama repeat sound hella sweet Gorgeous dashing Waves crashing, mind elastics Smooth action The Cadillacs was backed in You may need to get in the trunk or in the wind Lost friends, floss for them gloss gems
Often it's thought that I'm lost in Weighing out what all this chance takings costing Sliding cornered by more law enforcements Feeling like I'm ridin' with The Four Horsemen Shout out my pops Big Reg Love you baby Shout out all the old heads As time whispers in your ear
Doublefaze G-Mufty C.dorphine C.dorphine G-Mufty Doublefaze Turn up turn up pass me the aux make we turn up Turn up turn up mo ti goo wo eh je turn up Ele wan bi won fe link up Oti yapa make we drink up Pass me the blunt make i smoke up You name it
So we turn up Ma nigga turn up So we turn up Ma Nigga turn up Oh lord an jaiye foreign.... All my nigga boss we just balling Life is too short omo see warning We gonna party party till the morning
Out of my way Clubbing tonight B Y O B Call your paddies I say put the bill on me But don't put the old bill on me Call me the don the the don 8.0.8 don the the don huh !
Turn up turn up pass me the aux make we turn up Turn up turn up mo ti goo wo eh je turn up Ele wan bi won fe link up Oti yapa make we drink up Pass me the blunt make i smoke up You name it Am feeling my self... O da bi pe mo wa ni paradise eh eh
Am feeling my self Faaji repete repete repete Still I get faded ,oh my goodness Hey.. What a fun Awon omoge yi fe pa mi o ,emini kan obirin merin oh Won ta tan si mi lo run bi Mario Them say am sweet like Oreo Ilu ibaje to ta lu oluwa ni o je o dun Ero ibaje to ta gba oluwa ni o je o se
Ilu ibaje to ta lu oluwa ni je o dun Sibesibe aja ye wa lo It's c.dorphine See me clubing flexing with my Hennessy All your girl friends shey na me dem won to see Me fire blowing up.. dopeman go Thank God, its Friday We clubbing tonight
Ladies, bottles We going live Snapchat, IG, come online Hashtag, ballers, for life Growing up, momma told me Double live up Ko ma se eru egbe make you save up O kin se omo de mo make you boss up Boss up, boss up, double up, husstle
Shade, shade, shade, shade, shade, shade Shade, shade, shade, shade, shade, shade Plastic bitches everywhere, man All these bitches on the table I put some work in and it came out perfect You just mad 'cause it couldn't save you! All you bitches trynna be like me But none of y'all know how to make it happen
Throwing shades like it's sunny side up Put some glasses on cause these girls are shaking Throw a little shade, I'ma blast that Throw a little shade, I'ma blast that You want a girl with a fat ass! I sit it on his head like a halo I sit it on his head like a halo Tell me that it tastes like an angel
Yuh, doi, ah Ai crezut ca scapi de noi ca nu suntem trupa serioasa Uita-ne cu 2 albume si-acasa cu inca o casa Ne pasa foarte mult *Ahahahahah* Ne pasa foarte mult de faptul ca nu ne pasa De cand a facut trupa banii ma scot la propriu din casa Daca era doar dupa mine, as fi dat diss-uri in masa Iisus imi spune zilnic, sa ii iubesc pe toti
Si nu-i problema mea ca n-am specificat ca vii sau morti Hai spune ce suntem, criminali, necrofili sau hoti Succesu' e pe departe, ce-a fost mai de mult Azi daca te simti implinit, inseamna ca ai mancat prea mult Cu garda confuza-n spate, trotineta alerga Cate roti avea mopedu'? 3 in pula mea Zic hai, prinde-ne daca poti
Cand demaram toti 3 pe trotineta cu 3 roti Alunecam la vale de rapan printe idioti Te previn, ca nu vin sa o ard si eu degeaba Ca tot in ritmu' asta nu mai terminam treaba Te rog, nu mai vorbi in veci, fara sa stii Daca stai langa mine cand scriu zici "Ba, asta-i MC' No futu-ti, faci stanca, ca le suna talanca Tre' sa le desfaci cu ranga
Perechea de tanga Iti fut cerebelu si te-abandonez pe pajijste Si-ti fac vraiste, capu cu cheia de 14 Te invit sa vii in buda mea, ca sa fii mineru Nu ma intorc la tradatori, decat cu marsarieru' Faci intorsa cerebrala lovit in cap cu un mop Sper sa morti lovit la coi strigand "gata ma, stoop!" N-am misiune sa fiu coaja pentru oarecare miez
Nu imi place de tine, pai te terorizez Iti doresc la nunta ta sa fii lovit in cap de drone Ca esti mare Corleone, pici din shoot-uri de Danone Veniti si luati, aceasta este berea mea Am onoarea sa fiu spart, ca pestele de pe TV O prinzi intr-un mireu, imi face o frectie Aicia cum la bar, invatam o lectie Bem in seara asta, pana ne iubim soacra
Si mai bem inca odata pana se indreapta soarta Bem pana albu-i alb si negru nu mai e Si daca intreaba lumea, pai, asta e.. Rupt prin bar, prin pahar, rupt la buzunar Rupta-mii vederea, scaunu de la spatar Mai rup un pic de bere si oleaca de coniac Trebe un adeziv al dracu', ca sa ma refac Vecinu' imi bate-n teava si nevasta spune nu
Ia-te dupa mine si o sa ajungi de 10 ori mai rea Hi ti, ti, ti, ti, te Nu te apuca sa plangi Hi ti, ti, ti, ti, te, ca te-am castigat la balci Ce insemni tu pentru mine, asa-s din 49 Vrei sa murim impreuna, din pacate nu prea nene; In cimitir, vreau sa stau cu baietii mei la o bere Vrei sa afli unde sunt, mai intai tre' sa mori
I-a jumate din totu', ma spanzur de 2 ori Tot ce vrei tu de la mine, arata cam asa: Sa te pup, dimineata plec la curve! Hai pa!! Hai pa, draga mea Astazi fara glume Vreau sa te vad pe GPS Cum mergi la dracu in lume Cum dai din gura de obicei, azi sa dai din picioare
Ca nu o sa-mi lipsesti nici la 10-a reincarnare Eu iti multumesc ca ai venit in viata mea Ca eram pre fericit si n-avea cine ma stresa N-ai pe cine sa ranesti, eu fac cu sentimente duble Tu-mi ceri locatia, mai des decat o face Gugle Hai pa, decat sa ne vedem, mai bine schimb planeta Si sper sa ne vedem cand ne lovim de andrometa O fost tare fain cu tine, da' chiar mi-o placut
Nu eram misogin, dar mersi ca m-ai facut Hai pa, hai... du-te sa-ti gasesti Sfinti Ca baiatu' de aici, ii antonim pentru Pinti Azi, vreau s'aud d'ai mei, nu vreau s'aud de ea Hai pa, sa nu te vad Ca au iesit numai scantei Ti dau eu tie, fata Numai fifty shades of gray
Vreau sa stau la bere Fara sa ma suni, demento! Du-te la dracu! Sau mai bine la Roberto Hai pa! Nu e prima data Te-as omori sa te resuscitez, sa te mai pot omori o data! Iti doresc numa' bine Si cand sant cel mai beat
Sant mai treaz ca tine. Hai pa! Si du-te inapoi, noi doi eram tot timpul, noi doi supra doi Hai pa, esti o stramba, n-o sa te'ndrept cu dalta Gandul mi-e la tine si p*la mi-e in alta Hai pa, parasuto. Fara sport extrem Ma duc sa sar in foc, ca acuma' iar is lemn Hai pa, sa nu te vad. Intinde-o ca pe paine! Hai pa, sa nu te vad, suna-ma maine!
Half a meal on this grill nd Im all in yes Let the skills pay the bills Im out for mini skirts, big checks nd cheap thrills You in this game tryna keep up Im in this Lambo player Im smoked up Money loan now harder ta fold now Hol rain nd brill damn Im callin' shots now Burnin' rubber in this city fearin' nobody
Yokohamas tires spinnin' poppin' wheelies on Ducatis Hop in the party crashin' through the glass Haters ice grillin' break em up like cheap glass Rap roll soldier nd you can never ever Get on my level last time son I told ya Might be this money, might be this sling Might be the way I drop that flow on this thing Ohohohohohoh com'on let's go
Ohohohohohoh baby let's go Ohohohohohoh, ohohohohohoh Feels like hundreds of people stab into my heart R.T's back on a track so scrap All y'all sayin' that I'll never be jack Go buy some crack judgin' its not even Judgement day sky's gone black Not enough time, not enough time this life
Yo, we just pulled up Hehe Girl, you know I came for you Don't hold back, I wanna see your moves My mating call is directed at you Baby, would you let me sip your juice? Boo, let's make a truce If you love me could I fall in love with you?
Lost in a daze but still I always end up close to you Give you compliments so you can't get enough Like babygirl you know I love your butt Would it be too much if we could cut? Come on, girl, let's share ourselves a nut She like, "Mmh, yeah, he fine, I should make that nigga mine Let him hit it from behind, let him serve me dick and wine" Wait, hold up, what's the sign? Okay good, now we can shine
I'll be your freak tonight Girl, you know I came for you Don't hold back, I wanna see your moves My mating call is directed at you Baby, would you let me sip your juice? Boo, let's make a truce If you love me could I fall in love with you? Lost in a daze but still I always end up close to you
On that body I can build a house It's an earthquake every time your booty bounce, damn! I see why fuck niggas not allowed, damn! Now tell me what's your plan for the fixture? Do you want a nigga all up in yo' mixture? Do you want it straight like Zizi take his liquor? Or is the situation getting bigger? Alright now, now you've been standin' by this bar all night
For the stars At the castle top With the cars Told from the ancient scriptures and told to the mass Come on blast Eradicate, erase the crass I can't waste my time with you You can't see the sky, it's blue
You can't wash the clown off you Can't you see the crown got jewels? You ain't even put up on the juice Everything you claim, no proof Try me with a stang, no use You gon' check my change, yeah who? That ain't cool This ain't cool
That's not cool This ain't cool That ain't cool Only thing on your mind is getting cake Your whole state of mind nigga, that's fake Your value to the bake, inflated You just making moves, huh? Checkmate Every time I shot, I scored
Every time you rock, we was all bored Barbara says "Some sink, some soar" Porter let the champagne pour I can't waste my time with you You can't see what's two plus two That's not cool It only matters if we discuss it Bitch I'm badder, this - you can trust it
Bitch I'm Crazy Horse and you're Custer Plus I'm flexin' with the force buster Your endeavors, how they're lackluster? You're unfamiliar with the G customs Bag the stewardess then breeze customs Cause I'm cool Cause I'm cool It's cause I'm cool
The business, the business, the business, too much reason The business And I'ma give shawty the business Yeah, I'ma give mama the business Like woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah And I was like woah, woah, woah And she was like damn, damn, damn, haha And I will do whatever I gotta do for
You, you, you, you, ooh That's what you say when I do When I do, do, do, do you, ooh, ooh, ooh And she was like damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn 'Cause I hit her with the wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham Yeah, like wait lil' mama Can I take you on a date lil' mama? If I had my way lil' mama
Like a straight piranha I face your flower And I taste your flower And I take your flower And never give it back to Ya, ya, ya, ya, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh And it was like woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah And she was like damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn
'Cause I hit her with the wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham I said hey there shawty Look what I bought ya It's the brand new Ferrari Equipped with no top-a And I'ma get something for that Yeah, you already know that Put on my Oakley's
And baby, I'ma give it to you, you, you Give it to you, you, you, ooh, ooh, ooh Now what we gon' do, do, do, do-ooh, ooh, ooh? So break it on down Break it on down Break it on down Shit, woo, damn Damn, damn
I come in like the front door She think I'm a butthole You sing with the flow With the bars we go mano y mano Forget about your crew and your team like you're Bono I let her do this shit with my eyes closed Y'all sleepin' on me nigga stay woke Or put the fucking actors like Bang Bros
Excuse me don't remember your name bro I don't even keep up with these hoes I done fuck so many Jane Does I can only keep up with the dough light skinned like Kiesha Cole I still got love for my foes Remember as kids watched them grow Now my watches got lots of snow
Got lots of hoes I like it low Like I suppose Pull my strings, then rock and roll I ride beats like bicycles I change flows like they're my clothes Woah Woah No No
If they they're tellin' on 'em, I don't 'em Blaza back up on his high horse I look like the polo logo I do this all the time 'cause I'm supposed to grind I been sticking to the point like a porcupine They act like there's a crowd for me to I got the city on my back, money on my mind Better give me mine, talkin' dollar signs
Oohdem Beatz Just bounce, I just wanna bounce Oh shit I'm loving this, haha So bounce , yeah bounce yeah Bounce , yeah bounce with me Rocking all night feeling like the man now Yeah I'm the man now, made a plan how Played it just right, whole team making bands now
Oh my god you're the best, yeah No stress, so blessed, came found now Living carefree, jump and scream it out loud now I got fans now, I got fans now Rocking all night feeling like the man now Yeah, I'm the man now, made a plan how Played it just right, whole team making bands now This the dream, yeah
All my jewelry's ice Codeine, sugar, spice Young Power Puff Please don't blow my high Bitch you off the xans, you don't gotta lie Baby you my blossom, you my paradise Zoomin' to the check, spend it in one night I just copped a Prius
I ain't check the price All these bitches off the xans They in love with me Vyvanse in my pockets with the double G I'm a pharmacy Niggas watchin me Lil shawty on my dick Like she gon get a bean
Bitch I got my guap, I need all the racks Pull up in a foreign dressed in all black Percy on her tongue, she gon swallow that I just hit my plug, smiling like a tree on my body Headscarf Louie V Body full of 'scriptions I can hardly see Spending money on my love she call me papi
Hit her with that HAI Bet she won't reply All my jewelry's ice Codeine, sugar, spice Young Power Puff Please don't blow my high Bitch you off the xans, you don't gotta lie Baby you my blossom, you my paradise
Baby put it on me Want your touch in the morning Baby put it on me I wantchur love in the shower Wantchur love in the car Wantchur your love on the couch Don't care who be watching I luh the way that you luh me
Put it on to the right yeahhh Slow down put it on here Slow down slow down now I want that PDA love Yeah put it on me Tha left side of your cheek That sloppy wet kiss Those cinnamon lips
Your sweet attitude When you moist and you wet When you feeling quite fresh When you're heart's perplexed You want your booty rubbed on When you want your hair pulled And a few light spanks When you swing into moods
When you wanna git loose When you sick n feeling blue When you need to vent and a shoulder you can lean on Just know I'll be here Put it on to the right yeahhh Slow down put it on here Slow down slow down now I want that PDA love
All you ever do is get higher Get higher, get higher Nothin' is true to me Always wanna tryin' skip school with me And that's cool with me Back in high school Just you and me, yeah Come with me
Now come with me But now all you want to do is get higher Yah, yah, just split an Adderall and a Xanny bar And now we at the mall and I buy it all I buy it all for you-ou Days like this, days like this they never end Just you and me, hand to hand Just you and me
Got me feelin' like the man Wow, but I had bigger plans Life on dreams just a block away No stoppin' me, nobody stoppin' me But you stomped on me, so I dipped Yeah I left you right at home Left you all alone But the drugs stay
Yeah, the drugs stay Yeah, you fucked up and your life too And I'm sorry, I'm sorry Yeah Baby girl, don't you cry, yeah Acting like I don't even fucking try, yeah All you ever do is get higher Get higher, get higher
She call me cryin' Baby girl call me cryin', yeah Got a call from your mother Stuck at home, with your head in the gutter When I left you a part of you left too But the drugs stay, yeah Now come with me But now all you want to do is get higher
Yah, yah, I switched you from a good girl From a good girl To a woman And that's all on me But trust me I ain't playin you I was good to you and that's facts I never really forced you to and that's facts Now your heads in the gutter and that's all on you
And that's facts and you were the best You were the best I always said fuck the rest, but I dipped Yeah I left you right at home Left you all alone But the drugs stay yeah The drugs stay Yeah you fucked up and your life too
You know I smoke pro Ain't a bozo I got these hoes all on me cause I spit flows And it's sick tho Since i got more cash More weed in my system Ain't fuck around with other drugs
You know they just venoms Victim Of lean and molly sometimes I'm the master I can teach you sometimes Yeah for sure we bout it bout it all time You know I smoke pro Ain't a bozo
Kad je vidim tad mi dode da joj zapevam k'o Vlado Skupa ko galado, nije neka ljado Egzoticna mamica,avokado Kad krene da duska,odma krsti se narod Ima motore u guzi Verano Kod nje pritisak nije povisen Tesko,tesko,tesko se kontorlise
Kako da ti opisem,ta mala je sou Samo bi joj pevo daj daj daj mi Daj mi to,opet pa ponovo Hajde daj mi sve Sa tobom imam sne kako varim se Na nekoj vreloj plazi ja havarisem Tol'ko si dobra,mor'o sam pesmu da napisem Hajde daj mi to
Znam nevaljala je a izgleda naivno Ona nije avion,ona je aerodrom Mala slatka misterija kao Kairo Kod nje pritisak nije povisen Tesko,tesko,tesko se kontorlise Kako da ti opisem,ta mala je sou Samo bi joj pevo daj daj daj mi Daj mi to nek' je krevet ili pod
Daj mi to daj da odlepimo skroz Daj mi to ajde daj mi puta sto Daj mi sve sto mi treba Daj mi jos,daj mi jos Daj mi to,ali neka bude isto Daj mi to,ali neka bude isto Daj mi to,i nista te nisam pit'o Kao da ne znam
So fine turned my dratini into dragontie Super, man, these Spanish girls my kryptonite I would invite her to my crib tonight But she would leave me blue like crip tonight Because she's the type of girl to bring all her girls So she don't gotta dance with guys Even though we know she wants to Like otherwise why show all that thigh?
And she got a new guy and they're kinda talking so She pull that excuse sometimes But let her favorite song come on And her "new bae" is "OLD bae" .....crab fries Hmm is that right? Lights off but we're too on I would've had like 5 kids by now
But the pull out game is on futon And our selfie game is like too strong We got more picks than a nice afro Put the filter on girl, I like that yo Everybody look better with the lights down low so Turn the lights down, baby turn the lights down Turn the lights down, baby turn the lights down low Turn the lights down, baby turn the lights down
Turn the lights down, baby turn the lights down low See in a room full of Rihannas, you shine bright like a diamond Now I don't know if I just feel in love or perfect timing Has taken its toll Yeah it's late, yeah I know But if you wit it I'm wit it I got a place we can go I got a long list of things I wanna do to you You're beautiful
Never met no one as cute as you I'd nail, cuticle But I'm just joking I know that you don't mind it Ya body is a beast And I just wanna get behind it And if you say stop now Then what did you come for
We're frozen up in the time So what else Ima do but let it go Just turn my music up high and my lights down low Turn the lights down low when you step in the room Girl I ain't asking for much I got my eyes on places I can't see Got my hands in places I can't touch Ima need another glass 'cause we movin' to fast
Girl you better take your hand off the clutch Cause you take it up high Then drop it real low to the floor Then split it like a Dutch I'm the top dawg in this bedroom Can you feel that punch Feel it in your abs & your soul, girl it's too much Babe dang Shawty your bodies insane
Otona ni natte hajimete kidzuita Kono kotoba ga basu no hajimari I~ei fuan-darake no Nihon Konosaki wa do naru mirai ni tou Sono kotae ga mada wakaranainara mizukara sekai kaete ikou Jisedai no tame ni oretachinojidai de nanika ima hajimerubekina nda Marude naegi o sasaeru soegi no yona kodomodachi no chikara ni naru tame Ore wa dekaku naru nda! Kako kara manabi kirihiraku nda!
Inochinobaton no "ishi" uketsuide Jibun no ban o aruite iku We Gonna Pass The Mic Ima tatte iru michi wa Bokuranojidai yori mae no hito no-tachi ga kureta gifuto sa Sore o uketori sa~a-kun'nara do suru? Step! Up! For The Future! ! Mazuwa jibun-tachi no tame ni
C'mon! Get! Set! For The Future! ! Mirai no kodomo-tachi no tame ni Kokkara koko made toka nakute Zutto tsudzui teru kono nagare Daremoga min'na hakanakute Sutto kiete wa arawarete Nanika nokoshite, nanika takushite, Sono nanika o min'na sagashi teru
Kimi to deatte kimitowakarete kitto kiseki wa hajimatteru Don'nani jidai ga henka shite mo We Gonna Pass The Mic Ima tatte iru michi wa Bokuranojidai yori mae no hito no-tachi ga kureta gifuto sa Sore o uketori sa~a-kun'nara do suru? Step! Up! For The Future! ! Mazuwa jibun-tachi no tame ni
Hajimeru RIRIKKU no soudan Nanka ii AIDEIA ukandaa ? Toka utteru dakede Jikan ga kokuikkoku to sugiteku Shimekiri mo mou asu ni sematteru Mata itsumoto onaji PATAAN Girigiri made shukudai yara~n Mukashi kara honto nani mo kawatte ne~
Sore yori kibun naoshi ni soto demo de ne~ ? Otto ! Sore ii ne maji GUDDO AIDEIA !! U-ICHI ni wa naisho daze, nochi hodo SEE YA ! Itsumono choushi konna choushi Tamano ikinuki yurushite cho Moshimo~shi, tsuita ? Ou, tsuita yo
Machiawase wa itsumoto onaji toko NEON kan ga hikaru basho made ashi nobashite Hane nobashite asonde kou !! Oh ! Yeah !! Kyou mo KURABU wa choumanin Cho, mite ! Anoko chou~~ kawaii Sakki madeno nayami modokka ni Futton de mazu keiki duke ni ippai Kanpa~i !! BIIRU non de guit tone
Sore ja, FUROA no yousu wo gurutto ne Miniiki masu ka ? Odori masuka ? Koyoi hame hazu shichatte mo Ii desu kaa~ Sore ni shitemo ano DJ no senkyoku Maji ii ne ! Ii ne ! Chotto BUUSU he chikaduite miyou to Omaera kyoku wa dekita no ka~ !
Are wa sotsugyoushiki no WANSHIIN Tanoshige ni utsuru kaobure natsukashimu Fudan naka naka ae naishi Mina doko kade genki ni shiteru no kai? Tama ni wa hirakou ze dousoukai Soko de hisabisa ni ironna koto wo katarou Mainichi, mainichi, densha ni yurare Tougekou tanoshinda GOOD OLD DAYS
Tagai ni isogashi ikedo yappa toki ni wa Aitai ne datte You're my friend... Onaji toki wo sugoshita mijikaku tomo Tomoni ayun da ano hibi wa takaramono Wakaba kaoru wakakarishi manabi no Hoodue tsuki nagara mawasu pen KURASU no nakama to deaeta no wa heri Hora mata dareka ga fuzakete warau
Make jito boke kamashiau Konna atarimae no mainichi ga Itsuka ARUBAMU no naka de natsukashi garu Aa, manabi no mado seishun no hibi Shashin ni utsuru wakakarishi kimi Houkago no kousha hashitta baiten Wakemonaku tamatta ano GEESEN Genki ka? Omaera ima nani shiteru?
Ore wa imada ni yume wo oikaketeru Onaji jikan to kuukan wo tomoni Chirabatte barabara ni natte Hanare banare ni natta ima datte Mata aeba sugu ni modoreru Ano toki mitai ni Mukashibanashi ni hana wo sakasetari shitai kara Tsure ni mukete utau
Kitto doko kade kiite kureteru hazu Deaeba sugu ni motodoori Ano hibi no you ni... Katari aka sou... You're my best friend Itsuka mata aou ano toki no nori de Heta na kizukai nanka nashi de Otona gemonaku baka sawai de Katari aka sou... You're my best friend...
Ano nichi , ano toki , asureba Yoka ttanato yomikaesu reta^ Omoide ha bika sarete kou meki Suikoma reteku tokino shirabe ni Nige teku kage te wo nobashi nage kakeru Sora wo kiru fu to miru , fuse ta shashin tate Kimi ha totte ru ore ni waratte ndane Mouinaine ano nichi no futari hasorezoreno michi he aruki dashi teru
Wakatteru tada ... tome tokoro naku namida afure ru Hey futari de hagukumu noga ai so koni housoku nantearuno ? Kurikaesu like Merry Go Round & Round & Round Hey matasure chigau U & I soremo unmei danante iu no ? Hanashi takunai Merry Go Round & Round & Round Kisetsu mo kawari keshiki mo kawa tterunoni Kawa renaideiru ore hitori Kamigata mo kae tari kiru fuku mo kae temitarishitakedo dame datta
Hii tara owari to waka tteta Bibi ttetakara kakehiki saedekinakatta Areha tashika sakura no hana ga sai ta haru no koto sa O tagai atarashi i kankyou ni utsuri sure chigau tabi Totsuri awa nakunari kire hajime ta akai ito Oh mou chigau dareka notameni Kurikaesu like Merry Go Round & Round & Round Hey matasure chigau U & I soremo unmei danante iu no ?
Hanashi takunai Merry Go Round & Round & Round Ae nai jikan ga ai wo hagukumi Tesaguri de motome ru ai no atatamo ri Katte ni egaku ai no mikaeri kitai Ni kotae nai ai no shikaeshi Katachi nonaimononi katachi wo motome te Mie nai kizu ni kokoro wo itame te Soredemo nin ha sagashi te
I wanna see U I wanna feel U I wanna hold U tight Konomamaja yoru mo nemure yashinai Dousurebaiinoka ore niha Mattaku waka ranai tada ai tai Daiji nishiteagereba yoka ttana Nante imagoro ore baka dana Kun ha ima dokoniiruno ? Kun ha ima dokode nani shiteruno ?
Without ever being able to know the answer It can feel dignified Thirsting after our purpose Searching for it in our work Or in our relationships But the dignity is not in our work It's in our leisure How we decide to spend our personal time is what truly defines us
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure Because the soul is dyed with the colour of it's leisure thoughts I am dignity I am intelligence I am leisure I am dignity I am intelligence I am leisure
Standin' on the block with the thang on me Standin' on the block with the thang on me Standin' with my foot on the neck of this niggas Puttin' down pressure til' I bust a ply My animals around me, oh, oh, oh, oh RGF the island, yeah, no, no, no Annah ENT Let's go, go Fuckin' with my team we go in it
Put the bands around your head call it rent-it Sit my niggas' stacks out for the ticket Tombstone, graveyard, get the diggin' You show disrespect all savages No father figure or bastards Let that thing ring ring rippin' thru your shit We get that green green green all American Come and take a look at my packs baby
Number, songs, just stacks baby Skinny nigga with racks baby Look at how you livin' and look at where I'm at babe Now these niggas is mad, baby, I'm racked up its mad crazy Papa Smurf blue bands, baby, I ain't tryin' to be yo' man baby And my crew We start shootin' out of bands, baby This time I'm usin' rubber Got my coupe's on different colors, poppin' off I gotta' hustle
Bitch I'm Zoogang, Zoogang, Zoogang, Zoogang Bitch its Monty Bitch its Monty Got the choppa' right under the car seat From the bottom, we came from the concrete So everywhere I got it on me And if I get wicked don't you get it twisted So much money on me like I hit the piggy
Redo redo redo she said that I need you/ Baby baby baby I said that your see thru/ Nooo/ something for a feind/ ohhh/ 360 17/ Who that, who that, who that, why u taking so long/ This way Dat way which way, girl I swear we so wrong/ Woah/ forget it if it's safe/ woah/ look under that spade/ Woah, um, this happens everyday/ Woah, um, these diamonds on my face/
Woah um, come kick it at my placcee, woah Get out my face girl you get replaced hell naw I do not chase but ima chase after the digits ima chase after the commas No reckless but I say fuck all the drama she wanna hang with the gang I tell her nada she really thought id spend my money on prada she looking this that way for some commas she want all the prada she's daddys girl so she don't get told nada all she want is attention and bottles lookin like a model but she don't know the motto she empty all her sorrows I say get out my face Get out my face Azel bitch Redo redo redo she said that I need you/ Baby baby baby I said that your see thru/ Nooo/ something for a feind/ ohhh/ 360 17/
And I'm on the way I might fuck your bitch today It's a regular day Fucking like it's mating season Don't get me wrong I just wanna have fun I might fuck your bitch today Fuck your bitch today Paid for a ride no Uber
Fat ass that's why I chose her Pull up in your crib, I'm a intruder Ski ski ski on her mouth Ski ski ski on your couch Fucking your bitch in your house In some Gucci flops yes no doubt She's on flames And I'm on the way
Breathing is what makes me stronger Breathing is what makes me stronger Breathing is what makes me strongest Breathing is what makes me strongest Strong stronger strongest Strong stronger strongest I am the one who is breathing I am the one who is breathing
Slow or fast am rocking Cus am a fast slow rapping mixer Am first having enough air breath Rocking with enough breath to eat Sweating cus to much heat But when i show up them insult sheet maker At last all created to him custodian of all things The creator of springs streams and strings
Don't work at MAC but I'll beat a bitch face huh? In a foreign car like, do you wanna race? I smoke OG you can see it in my face Blue hunnids on me, who gon' make some shake? I'm the party, kiss my ass if I'm late Haha Drinking Bacardi with your nigga on a lake
I-I'm that bitch, he can see it in my face Freak bitch he can see it in my face Blew up my phone cause he said he want a taste Before you eat this pussy better say your grace I'm in the front I ain't know it was a race Lace front but my baby hairs laid 30 clip blowing off your toupee 30 inch bitch watch how I slay
huh? Get dismissed I don't got time today Anastasia my bitch from Beverly It's gon' stay cause it's Urban Decay No makeup on and I could still take your place lil bitch Don't work at MAC but I'll beat a bitch face In a foreign car like, do you wanna race? I smoke OG you can see it in my face
Blue hunnids on me, who gon' make some shake? I'm the party, kiss my ass if I'm late Haha Drinking Bacardi with your nigga on a lake Wit yo nigga on a lake hoe Weak bitch Gang gang gang Free lil tay-k
IG obsessed Dancefloor obsessed Cardio, no rest Concierge request Top floor address Lord, I must confess Khaled "We The Best" This the Wild Wild West
Father, Son, Holy Ghost We pray for PEACE Coast 2 Coast No heat, pipes froze, wage freeze When we gonna get help? When hell freeze? Calculate a life's worth, Excel sheets Life is but a dream? This like Elm Street Dream vacation
Destination: Damnation Dream vacation Destination: Damnation One-way ticket, stand like picket, feel the wet breeze One-way ticket, pockets midget, need like ten Gs Golden Ticket those who can afford cartel fees Visualizing, kickin' it like Jet Li Room for twenty, there's a hundred, can't be
A man fell, tried to help they wouldn't let me Noose wrapped around neck, kelp trees Shark where? Tote machetes don't tempt me Seven Seas, refugees crying "Help Please!" Holy Week, Shark Week mixed with Hell Week Mixed with Hell Week Holy Week, Shark Week mixed with Hell Week Immigration
Integration Inundation Migraine to Nations Countries no relation No explanation Freedom aspirations Rescind invitations Expired documentation
Property confiscation Cause agitation Floating with crustaceans Post-mortem examination Death toll? Closest estimation Tom Clancy Operation Black site interrogations Covert implication
Report classification Intel preparation Wired conversations Privacy degradation Drone elevation Sensor calibration Ancient restorations Tough pronunciation
Bad interpretation Lost in Translation Border confrontations Rebel incarceration Rights violations Spy infiltration Shady affiliation Guilty by association
Porous allegations Counsel visitations Misrepresentation Doctrine education Excommunication Discard regulations Few ramifications Maybe citations
Most likely vindication Character assassination Actual assassinations PEACE procrastination Risk global isolation Immediate mobilization Nuke cave locations Complete obliteration
Arnold Termination Once a generation Cloaked nominations Hazing preparation Unwavered dedication Future consideration Political relations Ties to syndication
Secured nominations Veiled conversations Backroom negotiations Overregulation Private Corporations Articles of Incorporation Inside information Bet on speculation
Quantum computations AI acceleration Defragmentation Security modifications Risky contemplation Insubordination Misappropriation Down-size occupations
Workers' compensation Philanthropic Foundation Siphon donations Student demonstrations Synchronization General Solicitation Biased investigation Animal mutations
Waste saturation Forced evacuation Chemical radiation Resource elimination Endless duration Ulterior motivations Plausible creation Fear infatuation
Yeh rooh ka libaas hai Yeh dard hai toh kya- Yeh ishq ki talaash hai Fanaa kiya mujhe Yeh chaahne ki aas ne Tarah Tarah shikast hi hua Fiza hai kya teri- Dil-o-jahaan tabaah kiya!
Saazaa bhi kya teri- Wafa ko bewafa kiya! Waah re, zindagi se Yun mujhe juda kiya! Kahaan kahaan phirun main dhoondta? Razaa hai kya teri- Dil-o-jahaan tabaah kiya! Saazaa bhi kya teri-
Mata9och w kolchi deffa seddha L'klab kayb9aw ghir klab, kaytsennaw ghir l3edda Yeah moroccan dream w 7yati ki ghatsali Casablanca for life, temchi t7awa Cali Khok reyyo m9owwed, rasso may9eddch yhawwed W gha 3la rassi m3awwel, la ghletti sir t9awed Makaynch chi blassa fine, tpike 3lina biha Machi mochkil thadro fina, ghi hdartkom gaddo biha
R3awine gha dawine, maygaddo ydiro walo Rap ra machi jean w Jordan, w chwya d paroles Rwappa gha w3aw, baraka ma t9iyaw Kankhra b dahka kaykhraw, fekrouni f yamat yo yo Bssif, rappeur kaber bikhir ma khasso walou Chetti, lmouchkil f la base wel fa9r f rass Bnadem, zero ta9afa w ki ghaydir ytna9ch Ga3 kaygolo beznassa, wel mkhayyer ba9i mna9ch
Machfna walou gha dawawa, wel prestige l'khawi Emm, w ki ghadir m3a bnadem f 3a9lo zawi Real style ta7 fel wil, w wili wili Bghina lbadil rwappa nit, ama hado khateni Gha li chafto mila, yji ygolk medrassa Ga3 kayghenniw 3la zen9a, machfthom f 7ta chi blassa Where is this? Stylo f limen janwi f lisser, ya khassar ya tkhassar
Mora 3 snin w l'esprit diali kayntacher Public kaykber, l3dian katzid 3adi 3adi 3la wedd rap cheddouni, w nmout 3adi 3adi L'ghaya machi chohra, wel hadaf machi flouss Hadchi kola tri9 akhouya, ara wach 3ndk matgoul Ana ma byeddi walou, wila 3ech9ouni nfous 7it la9in rasshom fya, 3la 7assab... Koun f chkel goul li kayn, bach yfehmouk a beau gosse
Turn me up AznBoiiWill We got it right ain't no, no's and they know We go it right ain't no wrongs no , no , no We got it right ain't no, no's and they know I got my feet, sand deep I got homies , they my family I say what I want ,you won't understand me
Who I am inside , you don't, know me Nah , nah All of my gold is Jewel I feel in love wit the juice She get me up on my two Ride for my dawgs How we move x2 Getting money too
What about you x2 Slick talk when we dip out How we move Slick talk when we dip out Deuce deuce Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah we got it right Yeah, yeah , we got it right Yeah, yeah, ain't no wrongs
Yeah, yeah, ain't no wrongs Yeah I got it right , yeah them sounds fleek Where my sounds be Where my sounds be Its really checks over exes And the plug got connection Its really O'z over exes And my commas , expanding
Shout out to AC , cold air in the shoot Shout out to MoeC, when we up in the stu Shout out to my homies, when I moved ,They kept it double 25 times 2 I still rep it , in the booth Fake frauds tried to play me Like a game , I don't play no games Unless u tryna play , with my fire say My fuego can't, ever be tamed , it get hotter than the sand , sandy on that beach, you can feel my heat , you can feel my heat
G-Got all this ice on me, don't make no sense Got all these hoes on me, don't make no sense These double G's on my belt don't make no sense Got all these bands on me, don't make no goddamn sense Don't make no sense Don't make no sense Don't make no goddamn sense Don't make no goddamn sense
All this ice on me, I'm froze like a hockey arena Diamonds dance all on me, them VVS ballerina 2 hoes playin' with my balls, Venus and Serena Don't make no goddamn sense, just poured four zips all in one liter Only one girl? Don't make no sense All these chains don't make no sense You ain't talk money you ain't making no cents In strip clubs, throwing rent money
Robbing club, that lick money Strapped, you can't take shit from me DG-BSM money Squad! G-Got all this ice on me, don't make no sense Got all these hoes on me, don't make no sense These double G's on my belt don't make no sense Got all these bands on me, don't make no goddamn sense
I'm at the W, but shawty of the baby Spent 10K on a bezel, for the Gucci baby Got snocones all over me, like Gucci baby True Religion jeans baby saddle up Fuck the price, bag it up 20 bags, think I'm tatted up Double Ray-Bans like I'm Dunk 1017, I'm Up
It's all worth it in the end But when you got nobody to turn to Just hold on and I'll find you I'll find you I see that you're hurtin' I know what it's like I promise I'm with you, I'm right by your side Just take my hand and take your new life Everything that's wrong, I can make it right
You feel pain, that will change Just look above and you'll find love If you trust, you will jump Through these hoops life's thrown you I promise I'm right here for you And when you're hurt I'll hold you And when you're lost I'll find you Just fight a little longer my friend
It's all worth it in the end But when you got nobody to turn to I'll find you, I'll find you Now listen to my words You do have worth And even though you're hurt Your voice is heard Things may not work
How you hoped they would But that doesn't mean Life has lost all it's good Just hold on to the promises That I have told you And when you're hurt I'll hold you And when you're lost I'll find you I'll find you, I'll find you
Ehi, zero ferie, piu dinero Ehi, eskeret, eskeret Io Mayweather, tu McGregor Ehi, ehi Ehi, io Mayweather, tu McGregor Ehi, zero ferie, piu dinero Ehi, questi rapper al tappeto Ehi
Ehi, il mio amico soldi in nero, yay, yay Tra di voi nessuno e vero Ehi, tu vali sempre di meno, ehi Ehi, eskeret Coi miei amici alzo un impero, yay Da sto blocco, mo sul cielo Ehi, che vincevo lo sapevo Ehi, zero ferie, piu dinero, yay, yay
Io Mayweather, tu McGregor Ehi, questi rapper al tappeto Ehi, ehi Ehi, il mio amico soldi in nero, yay, yay Tra di voi nessuno e vero Ehi, tu vali sempre di meno, yay, yay Coi miei amici alzo un impero, yay Da sto blocco, mo sul cielo
Wanna chat me up I know what's up I know what's up Only for the hype Only for the hype Hype Never ridin hype that's how niggas lose sight 20/20 vision on the dream im'ma get it any means
With my team fuck you mean it's not only me but it start with me supposedly niggas fuck with me The ones that hated me probably cuz of the hype they wanna dap me on sight Hype That's not how we rockin, Im'ma never change I see you it's luv like old days but if it wasn't there lets be fair a dap from me you shouldn't care Wanna chat me up I know the luv is real, I can see it for real I block the fakes like Shaquille diesel engine my wheel I skert off in the benzo balling Orlando magic when I spit legit feelin It
It's takin over my mind goin over different mind state is takin over im Getting stronger Super saiyan in my brain I'm off the chain spittin game I know I'm Insane, I know I'm insane Don't stop me I'm feeling like Rocky Balboa I'm goin in for the kill I might even get killed but it won't stop me all Hype that's not me, all hype that's not me beating niggas like Rocky Yeah I'm cocky confident I used to walk with a limp Humble nigga so I toned it down, I'm all about the sound Niggas known for they antics, they frantic
I hold you down forever babe You my best babe forever babe I would wanna marry you again babe Cuz i want it to Let's go somewhere else and have some fun babe I will say lay down on my bedroom babe Let's sleep with each other babe I'm sorry that broke up with you
I'm sorry that i made you mad Let's be together again I wanna be your girlfriend babe You can be my boyfriend babe Cuz i wanna kiss you and have some fun with you babe I will hold you down in our bedroom Cuz i love you so much Do You Mind, Do You Mind
So def, so def, so def, it's a def jam Hold on Get out on the floor Hold on Now make it funky It's so funky Slam bam, thank you ma'am It's the def jam!
So def, so def, so def, it's a def jam Just listen Jazzy Jay, Jazzy Jay, Jazzy Jay take 'em all away Def jam make it funky Just get on down and start messing around When you start that beat It'll freak you on the street, get down Hoooold on
Hoooold on The def jam! Play that beat Well I've got a groove That makes you want to shout Sometimes I feel so nice I want to turn this out Cause I got soul power
To rock Check out this for the man Just The def jam! Whatcha say Jazzy Jay! Jazzy Jay, just The crazy cuts The crazy cuts will make you nuts
Just turn up the sucker Rock, rock, rock, and rock, everybody til the DJ stop Rock, rock, rock, and rock, everybody til the DJ stop Cause I got soul power Just jam the sucker Just jam the sucker! Hey DJ, make it funky Everybody put you in the mood
Just dance to the funky beat that makes you want to groove It's the def jam So def, so def, so def, it's the def jam and rock to the sound Cause I got a groove That makes you wanna move, so get down rock Now I gotta groove that makes you wanna shout
Later on tonight, it's the time for the mic expert Yeah, but I won't lose my shirt Since I'm smooth, I play it Kool like Herc I go to the park and play some ball I'm on the court hot, not missin' the shots She sat on the bench by the fence, it was time to move Lookin' intense, but everything's cool She was watchin' every move that I made
'Cause I seen her smile every time I got paid Then I had a thought, what was she doin' later on? Went down court, turned around, she was gone I still had a memory of her physical chemistry If I saw her again, I'm sure she'll remember me Played 'til it was dark and went back to the apartment They quit cuz they know I'm the last brother to start with Jumped in the car then I'm gone
I was fuckin blind You said "You Love Me" X7 Booze, hey your vows ain't true That's why my mama was rude So, choose between me and booze I heard you slept with Luke So, choose between me and Luke I heard you slept with Luh
We in this together If it get rocky we gone get through it together Living in a time nobody staying together But I'm here to stay, no matter the weather And I mean that Baby girl you got my heart and I mean that Your friends say I'm doing dirt but don't believe That
Im on the road doing shows baby relax Like you chilling at the movies with the seat Back Baby don't believe the hype I ain't like them niggas that would never treat you right Just know girl you got it Wouldn't trade you for the world if I had it in my pocket They say I got hoes, they say I got options Don't listen to rumors baby girl just stop it
Because you the only one, you the only one I had to say it twice girl cause you the only one All my dawgs say I'm trippin they can't tell me nun cause they playing them games but I'm looking for love You know I ain't going nowhere Niggas might be on the road and all that but you can always hit my phone forreal Ima always pick up it ain't nothing So just know that ima always be right here Whenever you need me
Swing when I'm lit Chains on my neck Dripping on me when I sit I said gang in this bitch Bitting when I hit Hard body when I spit You've been cookin good in the lab call it cruel summer Shit I'm all season that's my true colours
Hating on me Like chains hangin on me Never see the big picture till the autopsy But I still gotem yea I gotem g Dropping knowledge like its therapy this is what I say 2 L's on the side that's a W 2 hoes on the side that's an L Basic bitches tell your brain they be loving you
Or that's the oxytocin I can never tell Young Blanco know they see me comin Imitators know they lookin like I'm on to something Goddamn I'm too lit when I'm on stage It's in my DNA I don't need a drink I just say Swing when I'm lit Dripping on me when I sit
I know you better than yourself So petty talking trash to yourself But that's cool do you good luck Imma keep it 100 I got nothing but love Till you messing gang Tear the shackles off the chain I'm about to bring the pain I said I'm bout to bring the pain
Kwazi... I be living my life how I want to, but I want to, get to know you better Make you feel a whole lot better Smile on cheese like feta You make me feel like I just found treasure, Yea Money ain't shit if I ain't witchyu, yea But you crying like a tissue Baby girl wass yo issue?, yea
I ain't even tryna diss you No school I dismiss you But I never mistreat you Ya like how I eatchya That pussy Bonita, ugh I'm over here getting featured, ugh I'm over here bussing flavor, ugh Baby girl like how I'm tasting, ugh
Got my kids all on her face and ugh Want to, want to Fuck like she want to Yea yea, Eryday like a New blessing I thank God I gotta hold of them Gotta hold it down like a brim Pass it onto him Steal your girl I commit a sin and sex feel like medicine, sin
Reminiscing in a dream, dream, yea Scream, I make her scream, scream! Running through the 6 with my hoe man I think I'm in love witchyo girlfriend I buss in that pussy like an avocado Young Kwazi slaying bitches feel like Johnny Bravo Yeah, she's a baddie, and she ride me like a caddie I go savage for your fatty girl
Rolling like a bowling alley You wonder if there's anybody stopping me I tell em over my dead fuckin body... yea Want to, want to Fuck like she want to Tryna bail out from the rat race Cat in the hat gotta back brace Breaking my neck for the fat waist Eat her so much got a fat face
Imma leave these niggas flat faced Baddest bitches witta pretty face I love how good it taste, yea And I want to I really do want you, I really do want you And I know you want me too... I really do want you, I really do want you I really do want you
Y'all mad, cause I got that cheddar They hating, cause I'm doing better It's a cold, world best bring you're sweater Boy I hope you know me, I ain't a fucking phony, say some shit that I don't like you'll catch this fade like Kobe, you talk shit from a distance, you better know where you're bitch is, she's with AP and she is my mistress, damn! Start out shouting Bino, he the shit Fucking with my girl, that's my bitch Thought I'd be top 10, but here I am Allan on the grind, now that's the fam
Shout out the East side, that's the land Fucking with you're girl, but we still friends Ain't no Royalty, "We Ain't Them" Real shit though, I could go ham And I am man, fucking hot breathe from the fire that I spit, haters might say I'm a bitch, but you're girl fix my itch, I used to be Tricky Nicky, but now these girls get this tricky dicky, might not have smoked, but your girl still fuck with me Flames on every track, now that's a fact You're girl left her shit, she can take it back Haters say its fake, just run the tracks
You can't stay for long, for too long Feeling from your song, that you're wrong And I'm not even wrong that you're wrong Can I be alone, be alone? Tell that bitch to go You need to go Time is over, It's time Baby go, bye bye
Called the Uber outside You can go for a ride I'm not blind In the soul, cold wine Lost sight, love is blind My heart cold, cold wine You can't stay for long, for too long Feeling from your song, that you're wrong
Got Ice on both Green Light I-Ice on both Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Green Light, Green Light, Green Light, Green Light, Green Light, Green Light Green Light, Green Light, Green Light
Green Light, Green Light, Green Light, Green Light, Green Light Oh oh oh oh oh oh 2 tries on both Motherfucker you know how the high shit go This Ice on both Motherfucker you know I equipped with things Fully loaded shit When motherfuckers clip then
You don't wanna know how I'm equipped then There motherfucker we did that There pack of weed Know how that shit go Green Light Motherfucker we did that then Dab in the bih Like clap in the bih
Motherfucker I got that grab in the bih Got a 100 bands to the roof and her almost blew Got the truth motherfucker We roll with bih when I'm on in the bih now Homicide, fuck with a bih Back with my man Track with the green Excuse my
Who wanna see who gives a fuck? Come too when the green light on Damn motherfucker we roll Damn motherfucker we roll right now Bitch now I'm there Fat on fleek That's what I'm doing now That what I'm doing now
Pushing in the bih now Cuz I'm running with the shit now! Motherfucker got Ice on both I see em shining See em shining See em shining Patek Philippe, udigg udigg That was for everybody
Yeah, here we go I said this is how it sound when the hood go BANG! *click click* BANG! Yo, this is how it sound when the hood go bang You can cop a couple of bricks of good cocaine I'm a block scholar, call me Dollars, I don't change I'm a Rottweiler, diamond collar with gold fangs Yep, a top shotter, Don Dada, rhyme proper
Might even take the 'R' out of brother--why bother? Mic on Halloween, I mean, I'm clearly a monster We gathered here today so that I could dearly depart ya Math, bars better than Willy Wonka's It's how to get away with a murder--you feel me, Shonda? Rhymes like karma, I'm hood, stash the contra You ever hear a rhymer this good, smack ya mamas But it's still death over dishonor
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods? I get way too petty once you let me do the extras Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris A.M. to the P.M., P.M. to the A.M., funk Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note It's levels to it, you and I know Bitch, be humble Sit down Be humble Sit down Be humble
Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right I make a play fucking up your whole life I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks
Happy time Ha! Ragga style Move your body, gyal Pick it up, pick it up, c'mon Komon and let me see your hands in the air Komon and let me see your hands in the air Let me see your, let me see your hands in the air Komon!
Who you stepping did you get the message There is no confessing but im taking blessings Learn a lesson I could be a teacher Your life taken, no Liam Neeson I dont need a reason to be make you bleeding Fucking pussies and now we can see it You turned on me that was fucking treason Taking royalties copping all my leases
Shawty want me for my gang want that DP Shawty yeah she wild on the weekly Face tatted yeah lil shawty yeah she reckless Lil bih wild while she pulling on my necklace Denim tight ass wrapped not my birthday When lil shawty trynna fuck she like press play Poppin tags with J $TASH in my own land She keep tagging all her friends on my Instagram
Take another snapchat imma spaz out Yeah she heard No Love she a fan now Keep these drugs in my pocket I don't show shit Keep it flowing through the motions I keep focus Rapper manager drug dealer Pastel on my hip imma die with ya Shawty want that Mason show me for my wild side Shawty off the gas shawty she the wild type
Shawty want me for my gang want that DP Shawty yeah she wild on the weekly Face tatted yeah lil shawty yeah she reckless Lil bih wild while she pulling on my necklace Denim tight ass wrapped not my birthday When lil shawty trynna fuck she like press play When lil shawty out in LA shawty gassed up yeah Gassed up in the Rari feel like Nascar yeah
Woah, yah I'm all in that pussy like kittens, yuh Fuck your li'l ho then I'm dipping, yuh I ain't passing Ain't it tragic I just fucked a model ho, she had a accent I'm all in that pussy like kittens, yuh Fuck your li'l ho then I'm dipping, yuh
Shawty wan' fuck in the kitchen, yuh I ain't passing Ain't it tragic? I just fucked a model ho, she had a accent Fuck on that bitch, she a actress I get the guap, it's a habit Li'l shawty gon' fuck off the Xanax All of my money be green like a cabbage
I'ma pull up in an Aston Yeah, that's a foreign, no, you can't have it, ayy All of my niggas be with it, I pump that li'l chopper and jump in and spit it, ayy I run a check and I spend it, yuh Don't give a fuck 'bout the police Dodgin' the opps while the VVS beam on my Rollie, ayy Ball on these hoes like I'm Kobe Suck on my dick and she think that she know me
Official diss tune, big track, this is the warning! Kurupt FM Get out the way, get out the way Someone's getting got Get out the way, get out the way Funky's getting shot Someone's getting got Funky's getting shot
Prick, babylon, get out the way Funky, pussy'ole, get out the way Bang, babylon, get out the way It's Beats and Sniper Here to get you hyper Beats and Sniper Here to get you hyper It's Beats and Sniper
Oh, I'm sorry I had the turntable at the wrong speed You want to try it again? Yeah, Yeah Yeah Mic check Ladies and Gentlemen sydty, sdty MC Adamy m`km My nigga Big Seno
I'm walking on the beat Ayo my man fylswf Let us do this shit 'utqn fn lhyb hwb lys l'nny br` bl l'n lhyb hwb wlda fy fy lshr` whdhh lthqf@ blnsb@ ly, 'slwb Hyty mndh n`wm@ l'Sb` lhyb hwb, bTq@ t`ryf lhyb hwb khuT~ nmshy bh `l~ lTryq
lhyb hwb lbsy fy lrby` w lkhryf Melody, Mentality lhyb hwb shy skhyf mtf`lwn wt`lmwn mn ykwnwn who is real MC's swf 'rykm Razor Click,fylswf lmshrHwn AKA nHn ldstwr w lqnwn ,Libyan hip-hop dy'man m 'Twr mn 'slwby
whnk dy'man mn yuthny `l~ mjhwdy lhyb hwb mnTq@ nz`, mnTq@ nfwdhy blhyb hwb 'rmykm f'j`lkm 'shl When you say we hip-hop team You better know what does it mean rqdyn MC's fy lyby hny msh zbTyn shy, muGflyn drw rb
l, l, l, l l lly yqwlw fyh Blah, blah, blah, blah blah drw rb l, l, l, l l lly yqwlw fyh Blah, blah, blah, blah blah Ayao, El hip-hop my game
Hml thqyl qym, msh bs bwrzt 'fhmw y bhym '`yyn mn lHshym, '`yyn mn lkdhb, mn lwhm lly dym lhyb hwb, Tryq Twyl m`by shwk tqwlw nsk yfhmwk, wkyf lthq@ fyk '`Twk w stn, fhmny, w mshy m`y fwq ldq@ fy lhyb hwb jyb jdyd, msh kl shy tsm`h tjy Tqh tqrn rwHk bladmy, hy rj` w shwf Basketball, old school
hy 'sl lfylswf Hqyqy MC ,lhyb hwb Beatbox, breakdance, graffiti Hip-hop, DJ w hky khms@ 'shy lhyb hwb Sdyqy Get it When you say we hip-hop team You better know what does it mean
But you can't, you can't give up Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up Even when the road is hard, never give up Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up Even when the road is hard, never give up Uh Now here's a story 'bout a woman with dreams So picture perfect at thirteen, an ebony queen
Beneath the surface it was more than just a crooked smile Nobody knew about her secret so it took a while I could see a tear fall slow down her black cheek Sheddin' quiet tears in the back seat; so when she asked me "What would you do if it was you?" Couldn't answer such a horrible pain to live through I tried to trade places in the tragedy I couldn't picture three crazed niggas grabbin' me
For just a moment I was trapped in the pain Lord come and take me Four niggas violated, they chased and they raped me Even though it wasn't me, I could feel the grief No! You got to find a way to survive 'Cause they win when your soul dies Baby please don't cry, you got to keep your head up Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
You blame me for everything You blame me for everything What's your point in forgiving me? What's your point in forgiving me? 'Cause you blame me for everything 'Cause you blame me for everything I don't know where I went wrong Will I ever fucking do right?
Huh, baby please, could you just stay tonight? Promised that I'd always do you right But not this time, yeah All the problems you got, you put 'em on me I thought we was s'posed to be homies Now you actin' like you don't know me Baby you talk but can you show me? Lately I've been feeling so lonely
Hop up out the car looking mad rich Looking mad rich , looking mad rich Hop up out the car looking mad rich Bitch, I'm twenty, but I'm thinking like I'm forty My niggas play with babies, not the ones that get aborted She crushed the molly down, she said, "It's better if you snort it" I keep the cash in the house, now I'm looking like a hoarder Don't ask me for no song 'cause, nigga, I seen a sneak diss
Pissing motherfuckers off, ho, you on the piss list Yeah, I got a lot of weight, but I ain't fit, bitch Don't you ever cross that line, do you need a Fitbit? I ain't drinking lean 'cause I usually sip liq' Pussy legit, niggas wanna lick this Got a gun full of hollow tips, fuck a ballistic Just spent a hundred dollars on some fucking lipstick Walking with a limp , gas in my hemp
Pull up to the club with the windows tint Walking with a limp , gas in the hemp Pull up to the club , with the windows tint Walking with a limp , gas in the hemp Pull up to the club , with the windows tint Make ten bands twenty, watch this magic trick Scope on the rifle, so I don't miss All these bitches my kids, stop trying
What is ah- We don't give a fuck What the fuck is up What is ah- We don't give a fuck Fuck nigga had enough Live life, give none Fuck nigga had enough
Heck no! I came to learn at school not at home bro! Heck no! I already have a test which I'm gonna blow! Lend you 5 bucks, like are you good bro? You owe me 10 dollars since 50 years ago! Come to your house? Well, dude I'll tell you what! Last time I went, we just listened to Techno!
Came home from school, I was pretty tired Drank a glass of milk to realize it was expired! Was pretty ticked off, so I took a nap But the construction outside was driving me completely mad! How you gonna make me finish by tomorrow? I got other stuff due, man you should know, yo! Gotta finish reading my book and I read slow Also got a maths test, jeez seriously bro?
I came to learn at school not at home bro! I already have a test which I'm gonna blow! Lend you 5 bucks, like are you good bro? You owe me 10 dollars since 50 years ago! Come to your house? Well, dude I'll tell you what! Last time I went, we just listened to Techno! Hey, remember that time with that one dude? He was selling candy and some other types of food
It costed 10 dollars for that one chocolate, right? You said you'll pay me back, don't see that money in sight! Man, I gotta say you are pretty weird For example when I gave you my pencil, it disappeared What happened? You lost it? That's why you didn't return it? And you say I don't take care of my things, you hypocrite! Those 10 dollars you still gotta show, yo! I'm not coming today or tomorrow!
My Lil' bitch is the bitchiest hoe in da world Don't mess with my bitch I'll end you You ain't got nothin' on me bitch Just don't mess with my bitch You ugly fuck You old ass ugly fuck You are nothin' without me
You acting like a bitch but you still my lil' bitch I know you love me, but why do you have to act like a lil' bitch I love you I love you Please don't act like a lil' bitch You are better than that My lil' bitch is sweet My lil' bitch is pretty
My lil' bitch is the bitchiest hoe in da werld Don't mess with my bitch I'll end you You ain't got nothin' on me bitch Just don't mess with my bitch You ugly fuck You old ass ugly fuck You are nothin' without me
Yaw briz Khsart raz9i 3la rap w nta kat3yer 3aych tranquille maknjbdach l3ib Nta joint fih jouj ntrat Lbda film chaf 3zrail gha b jouj tl9at Chaf 3zrail gha b jouj tl9at, chaf 3zrail gha b jouj tl9at Kan'toucher chi nas 9wafi kayna, fkhtar les fans li kay7boni Tmzak rah ta 7ed mky3tina, mkhiyar f3cherani kaynkroni
Hada l'Maghrib a chriki jana, la jibk jibo fih jyoba Khatina rgui3 dyed l7ana, rap dial bs7 kayn f droba Booba dsar 3lina brhach, bajghout wella kaytrtag 3ino La bghina trof d Abu Dhabi, nghanniw ya sawad laylo Madirch fiha chorti, nta 7adi gha trofa lkbar Ch3ab ri7 li jaa kaydih, chemise'a 7amra w Superstar Mkayn la l'Bigg la si zebi, brabi nta dahk ga3 mamrebbi Trabit ngol dakchi li f9elbi machi nklachi w ana mkhabi
7obi nta zwin khlik f rosom, 7na mkdkhoch b to9os T3erif mowa7ad f kalmat losos, casawa mkysmhomch lkarmos Khsart raz9i 3la rap w nta kat3yer 3aych tranquille maknjbdach l3ib Nta joint fih jouj ntrat Lbda film chaf 3zrail gha b jouj tl9at Zaydo 7amra f yawmi 3asiri, w na9so 3achra f garo Marquise W jibo kalb niveau t7diri, kay9ma3 f tabib wla artist
Ra hada s'exprimer d la vie, a vie ta 7ed maghadi itwal Ghadi ndir b7al Hatim Ammor, ghant9ob kolchi w ana l2wal L7mir kaytbo3ro f les instrus, youtube kachtoha wlad les vierges Studiowat 7alin bibanhom, li ja kaykhxi femmo fel grillage Dazo chella blanat a l'epoque, homa li zadoni l'energie W rap bo7do li kaywnsi, mli kan7ess rasi perdu Li daa 3liya chi sora khayba, y7ayedha w aji hak video Niveau kaytzad gha f clipat, kawrit kaykono f audio
Wanna see my name in lights like a star gleamin' I wanna make you feel somethin', exorcise your demons Every day's a struggle, tryna make a bundle How can you stay humble when the streets love you? I got a bad habit, I'm a winnin' addict Livin' in sin, tragic life is fuckin' short, damn it Can't afford wastin' time when life happens Gotta get to everyday like the days of trappin'
Now we worldwide, it means worlds collide And we killin' everything, so ride or die We move work at low rates through the whole State And watch the money rotate All gas, no brakes 'til my dough's straight Whether the streets or rappin' we get it both ways Lost in the smoke, I know I came from nothin' Inhale, exhale like the pain is nothin'
Picada drops and not even rain could touch 'em Talk's real cheap if it's the same discussion Turn on the beat if he just came for puffin' Hit a strain, spit flame, now leave you a brain concussion He don't play games so none of you niggas call foul New York nigga, but you know I'm smokin' that North Cal' Say it landed in, we headed right to the port now Rather smoke four pounds than hit you with the four pound
So you want juice? Then visit me at the store now I was gettin' tore now, before I tore a tour down Global 4G star, hit you with the full clam I got the burner, let's be real I'm with Berner and B-Real Whether the streets or rappin' we get it both ways All dedication, no education Livin' life every day like I'm on vacation
Beach houses seem to be my favorite destination Fake friends, I'm sick of seein' smilin' faces Look, twenty years got him shook Another loss took, cold-hearted crook What a vision, I just wanna see my daughter smile Money pile in the closet, man, that shit is wild Love the struggle, it just made the hunger much realer Multi-millionaire, ex-drug dealer
Bitch, I stay strapped like a nigga' from Chicago If he talk shit, catch a MF' hollow We ain't smoking boof, nah, we smokin' on gelato Running to the money, thats my MF' motto Pop 2 Xans, now I'm higher than Apollo Diamonds on my wrist, feelin' like a fridge 20 on a brick, now I'm getting rich Diamonds on my wrist, feeling' like a fridge
20 for a brick, I count my chips like Cheetos Pop 2 Xans, now I'm feeling like the migos God gave me the cheat code Now I'm living like DIO Diamonds on my wrist, I might fuck ya bitch Pulled up wit a stick, never trust a bitch Get the money quick, pulled up hit a lick Pulled up wit his bitch, now he talking shit
20 for a brick, I count my chips like Cheetos Pop 2 Xans, now I'm feeling like the Migos God gave me the cheat code Now I'm living like DIO Diamonds on my wrist, I might fuck ya bitch Pulled up wit a stick, never trust a bitch Get the money quick, pulled up hit a lick Pulled up wit his bitch, now he talking shit
Diamonds on my wrist, feelin' like a fridge Diamonds on my wrist Feeling' like a fridge I paint on her face with my dick like Picasso Pull up to the scene, beat her meat like a taco I just fucked yo bitch, you can call me Johnny Bravo I be smoking loud and I call it avocado Get money, fuck bitches
Now my shows sold out Verse: I smoke alot of dope now White girl sniffing coke now Swerve up in the ghost now You mad but your hoe proud Sip alot of wock now I just poured a four now Im so high just right now
Getting money off the boat now Serving packs off the boat now Two thousand for my coat now I show you got flow now Wear expensive clothes now Sipping lean no patron now These hoes always troll now They always call my phone now
Now my shows sold out Verse: I smoke alot of dope now White girl sniffing coke now Swerve up in the ghost now You mad but your hoe proud Sip alot of wock now I just poured a four now Im so high just right now
Getting money off the boat now Serving packs off the boat now Two thousand for my coat now I show you got flow now Wear expensive clothes now Sipping lean no patron now These hoes always troll now They always call my phone now
Eat yo' bitch just like a kit kat Diamonds different colors riff-raff Yeah, you know what I'm saying I pull up and I'm spraying with the k I do this every-every fucking day Run him down like that shit was a race Shoot a nigga right up in his face All my niggas already got a case
Shawty, suck me up, she from the states Shawty let me fuck i Shawty let me fuck i paid her face Yeah, 40 make me lean back Neina got a kit back Eat yo' bitch just like a kit kat Diamonds different colors riff-raff Yeah, you know what I'm saying
I pull up and I'm spraying with the k I do this every-every fucking day Run him down like that shit was a race Gots' my blunt lean my cup, and she lemme fuck OU Off a perc, notta xan, bitch im booted up OU In the stu cooking up like stew Push his wig back turn a nigga caillou Frenchy416 I'm lit like a big pool
I got a death wish, a death wish, ooh Ah, ayy, bitch But don't slap me, ho I got a death wish, bitch I'm countin' dough She all up on my dick, that's what she want me for Then she want some bread, but fuck no Ooh I got a death wish, a death wish, bitch, I got a death wish
Homeboy, you gon' die if you fuckin' touch my necklace Ooh, ooh, don't touch my necklace Ooh, ah, ayy I got a death wish, a death wish, homegirl, she so desparate She all up on my dick 'cause she know a nigga flexin' Ah, ooh, bitch, bitch, ooh, ooh I got a death wish, a death wish, homegirl say I'm reckless I just smacked a nigga in the face, left him breathless
Death wish, a death wish, bitch, I got a death wish Ooh, ooh, ayy What's for breakfast, for breakfast? Your bitch ate dick and lettuce She stumbled down the hill like Jack and Jill for the dick I got a bitch sprung, she gon' kill for the dick Run up on me wrong, you gettin' killed for that shit, ayy Riding with a sexy bitch, I'm lookin' hot I don't want your ho, you can keep your damn thot
Boolin' on the block with a freshly new Glock Ooh, ooh I got a death wish, a death wish, bitch, I got a death wish Homeboy, you gon' die if you fuckin' touch my necklace Ooh, ooh, don't touch my necklace Ooh, ah, ayy I got a death wish, a death wish, homegirl, she so desparate She all up on my dick 'cause she know a nigga flexin'
Eldrick Ayy, said you a fuckin' bozo, bitch S-U-P-R-E-M-E, yeah, that's Supreme on my fit Alexander Wang shit, Maserati lane switch Juggin' at the Citgo on my Duwap Kaine shit I go dumb, I'm brainless, you a lame, you nameless Like, "Oh man, goddamn", hell yeah, I'm famous Crossin' out the wish list, ballin' like I'm Pippen
Aloe Vera sippin', all this juice be drippin' Blaze up, and I'm fucked up too Masked out with the loud in the stu' Venezuelan foreign, bitches finna slide too I'm ballin' on these niggas like my name was Uncle Drew Yeah, ayy, and you catchin' mad Wang Gang team with the stick, might shoot, ayy No bae, bitch, all these hoes come in groups
Citrus Sap, Sweet Tooth, Silver Glue Pack that bowl I'll do the bong bounce with you If it's some Alien Technology The Blueberry and Chocolate Hashberry Lemon Tree, Pink Berry, and GDP Spark that green, G, do the bud bounce with me I wanna bounce with you Do the bong bounce with me
I wanna smoke with you You wanna smoke with me? I wanna dance with you You wanna dance with me? I wanna bounce with you Do the bong bounce with me I wanna fuck wit you You wanna fuck wit me?
I wanna vape some blue You wanna vape some tree? I'm gonna find some of that Cookie Dough The Cali-O, Golden Goat, and Tahoe Dosido, Gelato, and White Widow Get a bowl do the bong bounce with me, yo You want the Strawberry Cough or Headband The Chronic, Critical, or Fantasyland
Cherry AK, Tangie, or Buddha's Hand Hit that shit, do the bud bounce, take a stand If you like CBD, there's Valkyrie Gangsta's Paradise, CBD OG Valhalla, Lion, and ACDC Extract it and do the oil dance with me What about Chemdog 4 and Lemon Skunk Ingrid, Durban Poison, and Clusterfunk
AK-47, Pineapple Chunk? Come on do the bong bounce, don't be a punk Don't ya want Cindy 99, Wifi White Russian, Northern Lights, or Cherry Pie? Kaia Kush, Clementine, or Platinum Sky Do the bud bounce with me and let's get high I wanna smoke with you You wanna smoke with me?
I wanna dance with you You wanna dance with me? For me, it's PDK and Summer D Jack Phoenix, Prometheus, Love OG Jinx, Lemon Creme, Butterfly, and Pipe Dreams Roll it up and do the bud bounce with me I love the sweet Golden State Banana Malawi, Maui Wowi, and Manna
Got 2 bad bitches Beat it up, call it double dutch Fuck a square, want a bitch with a bubble butt When we fuck, she say, "baby I can't get enough" Got that bag then I fuck it up If a nigga talk shit 2Pac, Ima hit em up I don't cuff on a bitch, I just get a nut
In her guts, beat it up like I'm whippin' up Stayed down, now I'm coming up I been got a check, plugged in Now I'm cuttin' up Bust a script, get the wop Then I mud it up You a pussy, I'm a dog I'm a fucking mutt
I don't talk, I just shut em up Fuck her face Want a real bad bitch, who got' eat it up Fuck a hater Talk shit, then we meeting up So cold, all this ice got me freezing up So much cash, had a clean it up Shorty got so much ass
Had to beat it up Talk shit Grab the blink, then I'm sneaking up Wrist cold, on fire Had to heat it up Count that cash, had a run it up Got 2 bad bitches Beat it up, call it double dutch
Fuck a square, want a bitch with a bubble butt When we fuck, she say, "baby I can't get enough" Got that bag then I fuck it up If a nigga talk shit, 2Pac, Ima hit em up I don't trust in a bitch, I just get a nut In her guts, beat it up like I'm whippin' up Stayed down, now I'm coming up I been got a check, plugged in
Now I'm cuttin' up Bust a script, got the wop Then I mud it up You a pussy, I'm a dog I'm a fucking mutt If a nigga talk shit, 2Pac, Ima hit em up I don't cuff on a bitch, I just get a nut Bust a script, get the wop
I don't talk, I just shut em up Fuck her face Want a real bad bitch, who got' eat it up Fuck a hater Talk shit, then we meeting up So cold, all this ice got me freezing up So much cash, had a clean it up Shorty got so much ass
Had to beat it up Talk shit Grab the blink, then I'm sneaking up Wrist cold, on fire Had to heat it up If a nigga talk shit 2Pac, Ima hit em up I don't trust in a bitch, I just get a nut
Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? X2 Pray for me, play wit me, huh? Stay wit me, huh? Bag on me, gas on me, huh? Bad wit me, huh? You can't hang wit me, gang wit me, you can't bang wit me Walk wit ice on me, like police it make ya freeze Walk the with bag and I walk with some gold Most of these nigga they fold Why these nigga so bold? X2
Put that little biddie on hold, she twerkin it on the pole, she wanna play wit her nose, she want some designer clothes I got some designer dough, my check it foreign it come from U.K I got a nigga in scope, shootin on circles so bullets they spray Shout out K.row, what? no, aye, huh? Fuck the hoe X2 Get the pack flip like bakery, she wanna go on a date wit me I go on date make her pay for me, I hit the J nigga pray for me Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? Pray For Me, pray for me, huh? Pray for me, huh? X2
Ohhh Uh Ohhh here we go again, aye Ohhh Uh Ohhh I don't need no friend, aye Ohhh Uh Ohhh I just need my pen, aye Ohhh Uh Ohhh I just need my weed Ohhh Uh Ohhh Is that backwood I see? Woahh woah woahh is that only a g? Ohh no noo you can't roll wit me I pick up by Q, move to pound no quarter pack
Oh I'm in a good mood Oh yeah Sometimes I feel really mad But not right now, cuz I'm in a good mood. x4 Oh I'm in a good mood
Polite greeting Sound byte, meeting Overdue bills Some brand new bills Beat that dead horse Can't handle anymore Wake up, fake it Polite greeting
Sound byte, meeting Overdue bills Some brand new bills Beat that dead horse Can't handle anymore I don't wanna hear you when you talk about that I don't wanna hear you when you talk about that Are your words different than mine?
htHwlkw myt shkl wlwn htGrblkw hbd` fnwn whbkh smwm ybw sHn@ shwwm tjryn~ f~ fn tGfyl l`ywn shT mn kdh mstr n kdh byst n `d~ btyst n kdh GiSt st wnist lm tnfist wmzj~ lyst lkhS nh~ lqSh twynz bwlq~ fyh nfs lkhSlh yfs fstk fryq frysk Hdyd bnslk abl khwdlk HSh tksb qdrtk yshhm t`d~ bbSmtk l tHdk n l'bD~ `mrh mbybTl lt w`jn
wtklm wdyq wtqdm bmTlb n~ mqflwsh `lwHdh n mmkn zy` wjsh` nwlk kn jn dr~ wjblk khwth wtbh~ ljl n~ lmbzk sm` trjm lsn lwT mhw dh tmmkw Hl llh shnysh wmqHrT Hlkm jDh btrbw blbrkh bttsw'w blfrkh htsy'l whblTj dntw lqTh lzm tthfw f~ lqTh ln~ mlw bl w`~ bwhm ll~ w`dw `mw l`shm tmn` lw `w tlw` ` lml `mtan lj`j`h msh mrjlh
wt`l~ lwbq fyk nfs thn `ln~ whtGbh hmrmTk wmrmGk Tlm bTl wqdh wlyk lhw yqwm Hwr ljlk ybw nsb rtq `bqrh kn Tmr f~ kr hbT Drb ymrD~ rmrm jr brTm TrT' f~ lmrr dh `bT byD sbn~ khbT nksh f~ lmrmh brT` jyb qrrh `ks ldb zyh mry'dh bGtt~ tkl wqt~ jb jl~ Tlb bj`bdh wqt lGb~ tshwfn hmj trbs lmkn ''lbh nkd d~ klb mklfn zyd@ `dd
wljlnf klftw nktw zwGd fSdrw fjy'tw trhy' wmt tGrblt ltqdyr khlS nkd wnfrs Hts wHtrs bl mtnj`S klk wftr~ mrk mnth~ bTlt khtsh~ Slan tlTysh~ Sr ` lSdG htkhT~ hfwt fyk whtbDn Slk fstk tfk b`d mtthr~ ndG tHt Drs~ httTrsh lGlT wrd mlGndwr fkr nw Gtn~ blGb~ ll~ Gm~ `nyh shmlwl rH Grz msh Glbh dh lGrwr
ll~ khlh yGub blGdr lw Gl~ ttnGnG f~ ldhb bs nt Grbw~ Gjr~ wlw tGlist hnGz `yshtk whdGdGk kmn~ wd nbyh lblb khT Hmr Gshym mt`wksh wHshh lskh d~ `shn n qtyl mjrm `tyy' msh fD~ dd~ lw fw't dmG~ btSd` dyman 'SbH 'smwk wslTn lnfwkh n mnt bwzk shww'm t`ml Hl~ shGl `lshn tshrblk jwb tfw `l~ d~ shkl `rh tjyb lfqr mn ktr ljw` wtqdyrkw tHt lshwz
ljl n t`mlkw msh mZbwT ns~ n kwn slk m` khlq btjz lmbd' wbtkbr ` ltfhh w`l~ fkrh n msh flth nt ll~ `ndk Hrq f~ lfly'h wdh mljhl w`dm lthqh blnfs tkhlyk f~ lGlT tHmr Hwsh ljHdn tdld wnt btHnd ` ll~ fhmk frD bDn dh bTrmn dmr Trb brbrh brdk rtq `bqrh kn Tmr f~ kr hbT Drb ymrD~
FUCK! Spazo, Domingo That lingo - I trend it C notes, I need those Money clip - extended Send It Send It I bought a Cuban link now your bitch wanna link
I told her pull up and she said just drop a pin, I'mma.. Her boyfriend, he nervous He waiting for the verdict He know that she came over and he know that I'mma send It Relationship he wanna end it and I recommend It I'm Scottie Too thotty My bitches all are curvy they will curve you do u copy?
Time to re-up hit my plug I told that nigga send it Call my shooters load them clips up make sure they extended That lingo - I trend it C notes, I need those Money clip - extended I bought a Cuban link now your bitch wanna link I told her pull up and she said just drop a pin, I'mma.. Like I just robbed the salad place my pockets full of lettuce
Then I'll Save You Save Me Save You If You Save Me Then I'll Save You I'm a monkey in a white world And i'm hungry for the right world Segregation is a bitch
All the white people rich And the colored people aren't heard Now my Now my minds a sinner But look closely because my hearts a winner And when i come into the spot Everybody gonna Gonna have no choice but to call the cops
Yeah, they'll call the cops Because i'm a black man Prophesied from the white man Everybody wanna Everybody wanna dream like MML the King But ain't no body wanna sign a negrow And i'm grown now My mind set fast, it won't slow down
Now people gonna frown that in years from now a black man may soon wear the crown Gonna, gonna.. I don't want you to Save Me I need you to Save Me It's hard to comprehend what it's like being black in this world we live in Seperation by color, it is nothing like no other Every brother is a brother and that's how it should be Me? i don't give a fuck
Everything i said and i based it off luck Your lyrics? suck White man coming at your door, duck So many lyrcis that i'm gonna write a book Verse 2 it was wrote for you No many people have the gift like me and you do Its true Now this was wrote for you, so take it in, grab a pen, note it down, like you wear the crown
'cause this is survival of the fittest But if you ain't fit, who's gonna tell the difference? It don't matter if you're a black man, white man, asian man or even if your name is dan, it's all the same to me man Imma save you, if you save me, man Like And i'll Save You And if you Save Me I need you to Save Me
I'm laying down in my bed I got all these fucking thoughts running through my head Like how i've been doubted all my life Wondering if i should grab the knife Nah I'm not about suicide Just know i'm hear for you I don't want you to cry NO!
Bitch I do this In my sleep Shit where you sleep Y'all niggas weak I be sleep Smoking some weed I fell asleep Been up all week
I need some sleep And I'm mobbin' round town smokin' sleep Made me hit the stu' and listen to a beat Word around town niggas sleep Niggas talkin' but they gotta sneak Imma stay on my feet I'm a nigga bitches wanna meet Had a dream in my sleep
Woke up in a penthouse suite Used to hustle on my street N-need to rest, I've been up all week And I pray befo' I - **Hook** Bitch I do this In my sleep Shit where you sleep
Y'all niggas weak I be sleep Smoking some weed I fell asleep Been up all week I need some sleep You shit where you sleep And that shit is weak
I'm fresh out of jail I'm back on the street I'm musty, I stink Been trappin' for weeks Where the homie at Well that nigga sleep He high off the lean My niggas is sleep
Niggas is lit My niggas is geek Bitches can't handle they liquor Stomachs is weak Eyes been red all God damn week I've been tryna get bread all God damn week Niggas talk shit but niggas gotta sneak And I'm fuckin' on they woman
Back in the lab its the MD Assassin I can't help but kill it its an inborn habit Hustle for the cabbage, always been a savage Gotta kill these vultures who ain't got no talons Stay on tens toes just so yall understand this Squad is three deep that's a triple beam balance The nigga's been hungry so I roll through like Katniss Body opposition never needed no practice
The homies been eating all these others rappers fasting Trash it, thats where your music go Everything the kid do so beautiful RIP the rap game I'm coming to the funeral And pissing on the grave of anybody unsuitable In fact dont talk back swear your point is mutable Azure bodied this shit I guess the feeling is mutual You gotta hustle hard you'll never hustle hard enouh
Backpack trappers need to get your bars up Guess the only deal you'll get is from the fucking Sam's Club You tryna put in work but you not the fucking man bruh Just focus on your goals till ain't nobody else can stand it Quick cash, big stacks, take a fucking short cut Thinking you the shit, well Ill see you on the short bus Me, you can find me on the fucking Forbes list Tour shit, tour life and I care about some more shit
This will test you straight finesse you do you greasy Is it right No it ain't we know it ain't & life ain't easy so we fight So we might really have to see the L before the Dub You might have to go to jail to get some love Is it right? No it ain't we no it ain't & life ain't easy so I fight Food thought do not be greedy
I'm from where the grass really green And ain't nobody mean And ain't nobody seen a body bleed Or hear somebody scream up in the street I hear it ain't no joke When you go & poke, go provoke People who not equal you think blowing coke, going broke Can't nobody go and cope
I'm coping when I'm blowing smoke I'm hoping everybody woke And know this water meant to soak Sip it you not meant to choke Sip it you not meant to croak They want me to zip it this the realest that I went and spoke And I never went to vote, sidebar side note Just to show you how I feel I only respect the real
I know people sipping lean beans fiends poppin' pills They crackin' & poppin' seals Stop & get to poppin' steels You gone to make a bet You could lose it all tonight Lose your life gamble lite. candle light You could blow it blow it twice Check the tag that's on ya skin they got yen
What's the price? All this bread & all this cheese & I'm just tryna get a slice But I know I can't complain when people laying w/ the mice In the alley w/ they vice Know the truth was never nice And the world was cold enough so no I never needed ice 'Cause life sucks but deaths no better This is life and i know people that would take they own
People tryna break a bone Breaking up a shaken home I know people making up and faking stuff I can't condone I may need to take a loan I been tryna make it work I been getting really grown Living is my only perk I been tryna smile more when I can barely crack a smirk
She Took a flight from Paris She Need the stick,magic Fuck that bitch, check Bank account, fresh Oh My God, fresh Check Gang, fresh Fuck a bitch, check Foreign bitch, French
She Took a flight from Paris She Need the stick / Magic Fuck that bitch / check Bank account, fresh Oh My God, fresh Check Gang, fresh Fuck a bitch, check She Need the stick / Magic
Fuck that bitch / check New crib, new bitch That bitch on fleek On greens, no rings Same click, we're clean Stay lit, no chill Forreal, we lit Unreal my team
Bitch, I'm piped up, sippin' sizzurp Ayy, ayy, yuh Ayy, uh, uh, uh Bitch, I'm piped up, sippin' sizzurp Ooh, yeah Ew, ew, ew Ew, ew, ew, ooh That bitch said I'm icy like a blizzard, I hit her
Uh, ooh, yuh, ooh Ooh, bitch, bitch, yuh Bitch, I'm piped up, smokin' boofy Fuck that bitch, nigga, he a goofy, he losing Ayy, ooh, I smoke that nigga like a doobie Ayy, bih Ayy, bitch, I'm piped up in a two-seat I can't fuck with you if you a groupie
Ooh, yuh, ooh, ooh, yuh Ayy, yuh, ayy, ooh Bitch, I'm piped up, totin' weapons Choppa on me, fuck a Smith & Wesson, I'm wreckin' Ooh, ayy, hop up in the Jag and left him Ooh, ooh, yuh Ayy, bitch, I'm piped up, poppin' Xannies Made that Asian bitch give up her panties
Bitch, Yuh, ayy, ooh, ooh Ayy, yuh, ayy, yuh No, this ain't no 'Tussin, this is Wockhardt That bitch tryna fuck me 'cause my Jaguar Yuh, ayy, bitch, bitch, ayy, ayy I just piped down on a model Now I'm tryna fuck Demi Lovato Ayy, bitch, yuh, ayy, ooh, ooh
Canary diamonds on me and they blingin' Book a flight to Dubai for the weekend, I'm geekin' Ooh, yuh, bitch, bitch Ayy, yuh, ayy, yuh That bitch said I'm icy like a blizzard, I hit her Uh, ooh, yuh, ooh Bitch, I'm piped up, smokin' boofy Fuck that bitch, nigga, he a goofy, he losing
But lately I've been getting to that green I've been grinding hard and I've been light on sleep It's for that cheese, but you know it ain't no rats 'round here We don't deal with those so you might find some traps round here That's why I need you in my life to keep me zoned But before we get to that I just want to know Will you stay down while I count up the dough 'cus before I lost I lost too many to that bag
I lost too many to that bag So are you gonna stay down? Are you down, are you down? So are you gonna stay down? Are you down, are you down? I be on moves, when I pull up on you My pockets full, racks on me might be a few That's more than two, when you have drama I handle for you
So it's alright every time we tryna mess up Nowadays I'm the one to blame Life going fast, but these things will change But I don't know what to do know though I remember times when things were rough Those were the times when things were tough Those were the best times They're the highlights
Through the trees bike rides But I just wanna tell you I'm a nice guy Doing things what, everybody likes Yeah I'm not in spite, do not get in fights Yeah I take it light, yeah I take it light Yeah I take it light Everybody know I do it right If I mess up I won't do it twice x2
I seen real niggas turn fake Some days I will ball like Blake And some days I ain't never ate For that bag, I never wait Play with that; that's a mistake Ten toes down and get that cake Niggas talk like Ricki Lake Niggas talkin' like they know
I was sleepin' on the floor Grab the baggies from the store Servin' like a liquor store Give a fuck about a hoe Everything about the dough I just move that work and go I just re-up, I don't stop I dilute the soda-pop
Sellin' drugs just like my Pop Bitches talk like Rickey My cup red like hickeys Take her out of ? Knew I always wanted money ever since the Dickies Niggas rat just like Mickey Situation sticky When it come to trustin' niggas I be really picky
knt bdyty khyr bHqq Gyty nwy ny Htrf hwyty Dealq`t l`qd w l fy wHd bryl nwy ny Hqq lmstHyl Hddt Tryqy m` shryky jwd@ lntj lmwsyqy nshft ly ryqy mn khdht qrry sbt dry mhw jbry bs nwy kml mshwry tf`yl Studio Mood Dkh fkr shb lnr qdm lmyk tsjyl stwry bwrd mSwr km tmthyl
lw lryH `ks lqrb lljhh lthnyh n mjdf mny mtktf lw m zr`t mrH qTf lkl mn jthd nSyb w n bkthf mjhwdy lw b`ln Gyby mwsyqty khld@ tthbt wjwdy m bnksr thbt m myl khdht lkhTw@ bwSl ll'lf myl thbt mkny n m myl bd' ybt`d DTP ,khmsTsh wstTsh
shryky mn bdyty knt fy qrwb m`h mtHd mknt mst`d ny kwn lHly ybq~ Sdyqy w fy bly fy kl Gny@ smw mnHt ScenekhmsTsh wstTsh, n bqy bqlb l Clean n nwy sjly Beef mly shfly nZyf w mwsyq~ tdwwm lsnyn I am Shinning like i've never been And you already know
Outlaw khTw@ jdyd@ fy Hyty wq`t m` My careernwy ny Dyf njz l hdh ly bySyr LVLbrf` l grammy`ywny `l~ l 2018 bdhn llh btkwn sn@ HSd `l~ st`dd l'nw lmjhwd zd speaking of that w kl m yzyd lmjhwd btlq~ mrdwd Hshw yhtfw bsmk w yfrshw ldny wrwd lkl mn jthd nSyb w n bkthf mjhwdy
Hey hey ! Ohw ohw ! Toi et moi faire ces pesos ! Tou le de I gotta go, I gotta go ! I gotta go, I gotta go ! Gotta go and get this money ! Go and get this money !
Gotta go and get this money ! We started from nothing Wait and see where we get I gotta go and get this money everyday I gotta go and get this money everyday No sleep ! No shave ! No shit ! No shower ! No nothin' nigga !
On dot joune a taf Pa jen ke arete fight Mem le tout moun a lantou mwen an vakans An ke toujou goume pas Lavi ni plizye fas An sav pli i ka fan sa Pli an ka grandi mesi on pil Eve si an ni on pil sousi, ke grimpe asi-y
An ka pran enki tranplen An paka pije fren Si-w se franjen an mwen An ka fe sa an ni a fe pou an reusi An vwe konbyen pyej si chimen an mwen fo pa an pri An pa pe pran pon risk e detwi pou an rekonstwi Toujou ke ni de twa ke sime vwe-w an defet Yo ped me yo ka di yo se pwofet
Mem le an tro fwet yeah No sleep ! No shave ! No shit ! No shower ! No nothing nigga ! I gotta go make this money everyday Fo machine la toune lannwit kon lajoune Si an pran some-y si lari se chimen a sukse Pas an paka konte ki enerji sa ka solisite
An pe pa viv la routine perdu adan cite E si an ka plase objektif mwen se pou evolue A chak chut an ka fe dog pa plere pas an ke rouleve Parachut mwen fe mwen byen le an oubliye mwen Antrepriz ke monte mem san notis Everyday se travay pou ni gwo chif Fuck ton detail, ale la se gwosist I gotta go baby, ouais fuck tous ces gossip !
I got swag bags pull up to the curb nigga I serve you right now I got the percs and xans nigga I got Molly Santan Pounds bags gas pounds bags gas Pakk Boy Gang I'm smokin' OG to the face They hit em they ain't leave a trace Just for yo bitch to come stay Aye I fuck that bitch then I fuck her friend
When I'm in Vegas I fuck wit' the twins Walk that boy down that nigga a enemy Hit that lil' bitch from the back cause she feelin' me I went too deep that bitch said "you killin' me" Only one million nigga must be kiddin' me I'm off ten milligrams when I'm diggin' in Niggas snakes I ain't feelin' em Lil' Dee grab the drac he drillin' em
Yo bitch on me like a tic or somethin' Rollie on me not the tickin' one lil' bitch Rollie on me not the tickin' one lil' bitch Pounds bags gas nigga reachin' for the weapon I shoot wit' no flash I got swag bags pull up to the curb nigga I serve you right now I got the percs and xans nigga I got Molly Santan Pounds bags gas pounds bags gas Pakk Boy Gang
One spliff a day keep di evil away One spliff a day keep di evil away Yo, let me smoke my weed, me nuh hurt nobody Me have one ting fi tell MP Elizabeth and di chief of police Me nuh put down me rasclart cheese Paedophile fi get dead and buried Five years on the mountain free
Dem tried to give me seven for half of a ki I had previous gun ting, a mad pick-a-ney When me come ah dance, everyting neat Light the dance with piere sensi When me touch mic, feel easy Mek me head bob like the one Marley Inna me Clarks, inna me new khaki If me eye dem red, everyting irie
Only smoke weed of the highest degree I only smoke fine weed Me nuh inna dem tings, dem bloodclart twigs and seed Big smokescreen when me light up me ganja leaf 'Bout it's not legal, me seh "fuck di police" Smoke high grade till me rasclart eyes dem bleed Me nuh care what they say, me ah smoke my spliff pon street My girlfriend left me, Mary Jane's what I need
Help me liff up me spirits when a guy is in need Help me relax when me wan' do evil deeds Cuh me seh one spliff's okay Me nuh mind a likkle lemon But sensi takes me away Cuh when it come to the high grade Yes, you know me nuh play Police dem can't stop me
From smoking, no way, 'cause I Take two draws on the zoot Make sure my zoot dem are long like flute Selassie's guidance helps me get through On King Solomon's grave, the weed first grew These days, the weed gets imported through Chopped up and bagged up and then shotted to you But bun babylon, let me do what me do
G'Iyaz Tally Ho! I was I was James Sandin in The Purge I was I was camping with the birds I was even mad getting curved I was on a plane full of snakes
I was slackin', nigga holla Wanted Gold chains but lacked commas I was warming up finna get my own fleet But all my niggas developed cold feet I was watching 'em tryna keep it minimal They was deep, but I caught the subliminals Sketchy niggas wanna draw me nearer to my downfall I had to erase 'em out my life, out my fucking cloud, son
Had to do it, I had to chaperon my grind Niggas was slimy enough, scheming on this side Had to put 'em out and put my heart in the music Raising no bar with no fucking opportunist I'm talking all the raps and I'm talking all the stacks These niggas got me slackin' Fucking backstabbers Fucking liars
They was thinking how the hell I'm doing it So I had to put an end to 'em 'fore they ruin it I was too blind to the truth I was spitting rhymes in the booth I was ghosting for these fools I been too broke for the ladies I was blinded I was blinded
I was too blind to the truth I was too broke for the ladies I was under like a basement I was James Sandin in The Purge I was camping with the birds I was even mad getting curved I was on a plane full of snakes I was slackin', nigga holla
Wanted Gold chains but lacked commas I was basic Chasing lame shit Limitations flagging down my pay cheque I was fadin' Nigga I was that broke Losing bandz 'cause no cash close Now my hommies,
Tryna start shit, I'ma switch, cop a deal while they on it, These niggas conscience gon' haunt 'em, I ain't still taking back my comment, Pops told me if you wanna be the man you gotta man up Fucking smash 'em on a rap shit Use your passion No distractions
Get the money with your magic Raise the bar and stash it I just wanna spend a rack and then make it back Wanna burn Ying Jade and then pay him that I was slow, taking L's like daily snacks But I'm breaking bad now, and I'm saying fact I was spitting rhymes in the booth I was ghosting for these fools
Ayy, bitch, bitch Two seats in my... yeah, ooh , yeah , bitch, bitch Yeah, ooh, ooh Two seats in my whip, ooh, thots on my dick, yeah I just copped a Glock with a very long dick, yeah Your bitch wanna do me, I think she want my dick
I walk around with a four pound, I put him down Bustin' it, bitch, get on the ground, ho, don't make a sound Sloppy top, love her sloppy top, that bitch hella wow Fake ice, you got fake ice, boy, you hella foul Gas blunts, only gas blunts, fuck a Black & Mild Two seats in my whip, ooh, thots on my dick, yeah I just copped a Glock with a very long dick, yeah Pull up to the stop like dick get him lit, yeah
'cause I'm a fucking savage Pull up with that stick No average No average Pull up, drop top Fuck that gay shit Man, I don't want a hug Murdered that track
Slicin' that shit Pull up that hoe And we wifin' that bitch I'm a fuckin' savage Juking and finessing on the beat Georgia summer gonna catch that heat I'm a fucking savage Aye, shoutout Twang Gang
Just giving you guys flamey shit to listen to Whether you're in the car, you're room, at a fucking Party Maybe you're just DJ'ing for your homies Wanna give you uh, a nice track to jam out to x67 Transition: Smellin' a little slimey today guys
Ayy Hey, listen Sometimes I feel like I wanna kill myself I'm the dusty book on a empty shelf Keep shit to myself, someone here? Come help No one hears my yells, feel like I'm in hell Fuck depression, man, hope you livin' well Only time can tell, I be feelin' low
Wishin' death was fast, but it's goin' slow Feelin' kinda cold, bathe my heart in snow I be losin' hope, lookin' at the rope I might leave and go, so many I owe When I'm gone, they know, dreamin' of my soul I can't reach my goals, someone take control Stuck up in a hole, fuck them niggas, bro My emotions have froze, dry the tears with my clothes
By Munashe15 A Rap Yeah, yeah Ayo, Maddie, it's time It's time, Maddie Straight out the single dungeons of rap The rod drops deep as does my rock I never kick, 'cause to kick is the mate of talk
Beyond the walls of gang, life is defined I think of Fame when I'm in a Zimbabwe state of mind Hope the clock got some block My walk don't like no dirty talk Run up to the stock and get the lock In a Zimbabwe state of mind What more could you ask for? The crazy rod? You complain about School
I gotta love it though - somebody still speaks for the pod I'm rappin' to the angel And I'm gonna move your angell Sexy, smooth, sharp, like a bat Boy, I tell you, I thought you were an at I can't take the School, can't take the light I woulda tried to strip I guess I got no site I'm rappin' to the angell
Ho, bitch Ooh, diamonds on my neck, yeah Diamonds on my neck, yeah Diamonds on my neck, yeah Ooh, bitch Took off on a pussy nigga Left him in the jet, yeah Left him in the jet, yeah
Ooh, Scooby Doo my fucking car That bitch tryna fuck Watch me bust a nut, ooh Hold my hand, hold my hand, watch me dance 30 round drum, aim it at his Benz, he gone Ayy, I don't like to fight, I keep my gun, yeah He don't like to shoot, yeah that pussy like to run Ayy, I don't want to fuck you, bitch, I'd rather fuck your tongue
Ayy, Glock with a dick, I give a fuck about a drum Ayy, slob on my dick, bitch, you better catch the cum Ayy, Tech what I sip, you fuck niggas sippin' Rum Ayy, do not come too close, boy, don't step on my Air Force 1s Bitch, ayy Comethazine in this bitch, nigga I'm piped the fuck up, nigga Bawskee shit, nigga, know what the fuck going on I'm in this nigga, I'm in this bitch, my nigga, where he?
What we got? Cash? Yup! Shorty is fire, retires all other girls inspires me I see the way she looking at me. Thinking which pussy rang is she? Damn she on top, Like i'm in a bomb shop. The way she rubbin' on my dick She a blond white chick, i got hyped quick She doin' this cause i'm sick, but she ain't a long term chick. Squad is impressed, hell this bitch is blessed, i'll be rich fast,
Many fellas I have sent them When I dent them My momentum has bent them Many fellas I have sent them When I dent them Sucka if it don't fit, don't force it Toss it over this way, then I'll display How I can dismantle rappers
And so called vandals get cancelled Tricks are for kids, silly rap kid Dagnabbit, tried to tag it you silly rabbit You can't stop my uncontrollable flow I'm on the downlow Suckas got to go Eruption, explosion mad debris flying As my flow kicks in I'm sposed to win
And in this contest, styles are more complex than the hardest acedmics Big shug moves right through like the breeze Protected against unnatural disease They can't stop me I'm closing in on a cool mil Got to make it, lyrical i'm gonna kill Big man out on the set Your gonna have to jet
Cause imma be down with skills Without the tec No need for that when I rap I'm here to stay, I got it like that My facial expressions serious when locked on Momentum so intense you're saying guru rock, rock on Check this Mc's are left breathless from my death wish
I come in peace first, but don't make it worse It's big shug with the monotone seduction Reconstruction of this whole hip-hop era The man in the streets is the man in the mirror So it don't ever change, I'm not strange Imma stay paid regardless With controlled energy Enough to steamroll a whole cavalry of mc's
But you're the air I breathe Suffocate when you leave Nicotine when you scream What have you done to me What have you done to me You are my everything I give you everything Now what is left of me
THAT BITCH A HOE HOE HOE I BET YOU KNOW KNOW KNOW HER PUSSY ON GO GO GO SHE AFTER YOUR DOUGH DOUGH DOUGH THAT BITCH A HOE HOE HOE I BET YOU KNOW KNOW KNOW HER PUSSY ON GO GO GO SHE AFTER YOUR DOUGH DOUGH DOUGH
Girl, I know you love me Even though your parents They don't fucking trust me They probably all right though I know I'm an asshole No reply to all your texts, girl, I do you mad cold Like you're just Dying to drive, but you can't find the keys
Not looking for God, but you're down on your knees I'm all that you want, but not what you need, girl, why? Tell me why do you still love me Why do you love me? Couple weeks ago they were inside my sheets naked Club, so you can Snapchat Titties out to snap that I know that you do that shit just hoping for a snap back
Like you're just Dying to drive, but you can't find the keys Not looking for God, but you're down on your knees I'm all that you want, but not what you need, girl, why? Tell me why do you still love me Why do you love me? It's tearing you apart I leave you broken and shaken
All about my chips, on the hood I gotta get rich, nigga, on the hood I fuck your bitch, nigga, on the hood And my name is V-Nasty Always in the hood, but I ain't too flashy Speakin on my name, and them guns get to blasting AR pink, and in that thing, it's plastic Can't leave for too long, so I can't change
Katsi umunu muni wena 8X Awuyingeli Ukombela Kupfuniwo Mara wayifihla maka yawena Hingayibswela ankinga unganayo Hitakupfuna nwana mama Ukombela Kupfuniwo
Mara wayifihla maka yawena Hingayibswela xtori unganaxo Hitakupfuna nwana mama Haa Uthlanganisi ti Ndota Utitata Himavunwa Tibandzeka tihloko Natilwa Kuku solva Utsami ingi umanidade ayotala hiswifungu Vakuzama akukulaya avakukoti
Rungo Vakufundisa aminawo ayiyaki leqodweni Kasi utsami njani wavadanisa vapswele Intxi xikuhluphaka hingayibwele Hitabambinyetela hikupfumna swikarhato Uta tsika ngurumuza nikuhanya himathlinga 2nd Chorus Hingayibswela ankinga unganayo
Hingayibswela xtori unganaxo Haa Uthlanganisi ti Ndota Haa Kulakudjondza kuhanya Utsika Mona Nizondo Misaveni kuni Maxangu Kuni makombo Futsi wene unandjombo Ungani vakukusingatha vakubakandleve Vakufundisa rihanyo nwana mamani
Axawutomi iroda hinga tsiva switori Upfula mbilo yawe ungatipeta makhombsweni Ungama urila hinoti nawukhumbula tindota Kuvi atikubswela swaku tsika mukhuva lovo Hikusa awulunganga..landza nkondzo wanwana Mamela kufundisiwa Utsika kutikulisa nawuli xibebetana Kukukuku Kumiyela aswipfunu makweru
Hingapfula xifuva xawena Utifundisa kuhanya nivanwani Utaswivona swilo switatxintxa Nilekawena wutomi litatxintxa Utahanya betere Toti `n Toti Heyiiiiii Toti`n Toti Umuntu Ngomuntu ngabantu nginexo Utavona swilo switatxintxa
Nili Utifundisa kuhanya nivanwani Utavona swilo switatxintxa Last Backgrounds By Fogaz Woowoowowowowoowowo Iyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Kasi utsami ndjaneee Kasi umunu muni wena Iyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
She wanna fuck me in my Jag She wanna fuck me in my Jag Ew, uh, uh, ayy Fuck me in my Jag, ayy Fuck me in my Jag Fuck me in my Jag Fuck me in my Jag, ayy Fuck me in my Jag, yeah
She wanna fuck me in my Jag , come and spend a bag We gon' smoke some boofie, I put Kappa on your ass Ayy, hop up in the two seat, ayy, lil' bitch, let's do the dash Bet fuck niggas wanna shoot me, 'cause I know these niggas mad Pipe up, bitch, I keep my toolie, I put 30 on your ass Run up on me, catch a two piece, them dumpers be comin' fast Bad bitch, look like Demi, sittin' front seat of my Jag Had to upgrade from the Glock, went straight to choppas and MACs
I've been runnin' for a long time I've been runnin' for a long time Lemonade in my cup yeah it's alright They use to laugh at me And all my clothes Now it's not the same changed the image got all the hoes Now those same bitches tryna hit my fuckin phone Please bitch get the fuck up out my zone
Y'all done switched up Changed up on me now I got them big bucks Now y'all fuck wit' me That's fucked up Where was you when my money wasn't up up It wasn't up Y'all was on some weird shit yo what the fuck Y'all some lucky ass mothafuckas pass it off like
Hook x2 : Lemonade in my cup yeah it's alright X-15 Got ya bitch up If a nigga run up we gon' have a shootout All these niggas actin' fake they tryna bring the news out Yo bitch always sittin on the fuckin' couch Feelin' her mouth
Pull it out the plastic then I wrap it back in cellophane Fuck a job, i'm getting paid, ill wet you up like benzocaine Pull it out the plastic then I mix it like a hurricane Pull it out the plastic then I mix it like its lemonade Pull it out the plastic then I wrap it back in cellophane Fuck a job, i'm getting paid, ill wet you up like benzocaine Too paid Running to the money like I'm Usain
Liu Kang Diamonds dancing on me just like 2Chainz This money is profit My wrist Like a faucet She bad and boujee put racks in my pocket Yeah I want a buss down This money is profit My wrist Like a faucet
She bad and boujee put racks in my pocket I want a buss down I want a buss down Too paid Running to the money like I'm Usain Liu Kang Diamonds dancing on me just like 2Chainz Bruce Wayne
Bitch, i'm timeless and I think you should know it See me always first Then look at yourself You're making shit Then i ignore it I be with the team Giving you advices do not poke me
I feel like a lord I'll do everything Everything I'll do everything What i can do for my team What i should and what i have to do Right now i'm placing myself on the podium For now not really professional
But still call me Leon In your town watch me how i ball Watch me how i ball Everything E-e-e-everything I caught treasure goblin Bitch, i'm timeless and I think you should know it
Sorry lwalida makbertch kibghiti Nmout 9bel mnek hadi hia oumniyti 3echrani dial lbare7 ghedroni 7e9ada makerhoch y9tlouni Houma li mchaw, ma3labalich Biyno lwjeh lakhor ma3labalich Daro l3ib lamou lyoum ma3labalich Nhar li atji fik derba akhay
Ti9 bia maghadich y3e9lo 3lik La jiti thder li 3la so7ba akhay Tel9ani occupe ga3ma msali lik Sadi9i sadi9i sadi9i Tal daba matjich twassi Fwe9t cheda kont bou7di lwalida tatfaji lia 7zani Sorry lwalida makbertch kibghiti Nmout 9bel mnek hadi hia oumniyti
3echrani dial lbare7 ghedroni 7e9ada makerhoch y9tlouni Ghadi y3eklok, ghadi yhebtok mou7al ybghiw lek lkhir Fwjhek yde7ko mor dhrek ysebbo ghansref lihom ghir lkhir S7ab lmesla7a me3rofin, kayen li ghadrek ghir 3la wed drya S7ab lmesla7a me3rofin, li chaf fik derba w3ed balo nta da7ya Ma3labalich, ma3labalich, ma3labalich Ma3labalich, ma3labalich, ma3labalich
La chafok derwich fo9 dehrek ytel3o La bynti l9baha bzez menhom ye7tarmok Mate7garch a3chiri la bghiti y9edrok La bghiti tle3 tsena l9rab ytiy7ok S7abek s7abek houma li ayhebtok Li 7dak li 7dak houma li ay7esdok Wssawni ykoun 9lbi byed meli kent be3louk 3ref denya delma wl9awk pile yche3lok
Mustard on the beat Sticks out the window, ooh Stick's what I smoke, in the wood it's extendo Bricks out the bando, ooh Bricks in the mail get delivered to the front door Sticks out the window, ooh Stick's what I smoke, in the wood it's extendo Bricks out the bando, ooh
Bricks in the mail get delivered to the front door Ayy, jump out the drop-top Jumped off the porch, then I started selling crack rocks I got a beam with a fat Glock, aye Ayy, beam so I make sure that that motherfucker top drop Ooh, lean in a three cup Lean what I sip when I'm finna spark some tree up And my shooter got the freezer, ooh
Ovaj put se neces izvuci razumijes? Najblizi ljudi su te izdali Razumijes li ti mene? Ajde pricaj brzo svima pricaj! Hocu Bentley, hocu Roli na ruci Pare ne cine me sretnim Al' me cine manje tuznim Kajle tu su da se sjetim
Da nikom nismo duzni Cuva me pola grada Po grada nosim na dusi Ja sam rasto s' bande i vandale Sto pare prave na uglu Nemoj me sudit' sto necu da radim Jer necu da budem ti hamal Jer dobar sam proso
Milion u dzepu je za mene samo jos halal Skupe stvari, Bacardy, pare u klubu lete svuda po strani U separeu lomi tako me mami Dok ovaj zivot vozi kao da je Ferrari Jer nocas Flase, zovem, milje, trosim London, zore, losi, momci Tri me, vole, dvije, trosim Iza, leda, samo, borci
Ja volim samo to Ja volim samo to Sad su sve jaci Pa sada me hvali Proso si u tom hoodu Nemoj me sudit' sto necu da radim Jer necu da budem ti hamal Jer dobar sam proso
Milion u dzepu je za mene samo jos halal Skupe stvari, Bacardy, pare u klubu lete svuda po strani U separeu lomi tako me mami Dok ovaj zivot vozi kao da je Ferrari Jer nocas Flase, zovem, milje, trosim London, zore, losi, momci Tri me, vole, dvije, trosim Iza, leda, samo, borci
Carnival with the ostrich headpiece Said he wanna kick it like Messi 'Cause I got the right stuff like Pepsi I make it pop like a tune on a top forty Make it hot in a room, we all naughty Gettin' top from a goon, lil' thug shorty Comin' like a typhoon, he all on me So exquisite, lovely lady
So exquisite, so exquisite, so exquisite Infinite bliss when I tempt with a kiss Got him ditching his miss Now we benchin' the bitch In the Benz I'mma sit with the windows tint All color chips like the money gotta rinse When they blowin' on the tips Foreign linguistics, had to flip the switch
Quick change to pitch So exquisite, so exquisite, so exquisite You gotta love me, love me, love me down You got to love me, love me, love me You gotta love me, love me, love me down If you love me, love me, love me You got to love me, love me, love me If you love me, love me, love me
You gotta show me, show me show me how You gotta show me how you work that style I been watchin' you for a while And it`s time to bring that body here Boy you way too far, come near me Have no worries, please don`t fear me All night long we party, sip Dom P Be plenty comfy by all means
You takin' shots of that Cognac, this bottle here is special But chill if you a lightweight 'cause the hangover is dreadful And see when I'm on it I'm so forgetful When I take shots I transform Mr. and Dr. Blame it on the syrup, if I'm actin' so embarrassed Wilin' out in Pairs and she think 'cause I'm american, I'm arrogant Just because I had a couple drinks, I apologize in advance 'Cause I don't really think straight
When I've had a couple drinks in my system Mix them, whiskey and that sour mix, I'm thinkin' Yeah I, gotta set the evening on the right track Shots to the neck I know you like that See whether at a house party, bar, kick it or a function I'm absolutely always drinkin' something Whether Absolute or Russian Sky Goose, take your pick, or rather gin
Yaboiblaze yes he's in a creep Ya Bitch said is that yaboi textin me Ya bitch know that is Yaboiblaze Bitches be like is that Yaboiblaze Yaboiblaze yes he's on a creep Ya bitch said is that yaboi textin me Ya bitch know that is Yaboiblaze Bitches be like is that Yaboiblaze
She was straight hoeing Blaze got um now doe She was straight hoeing Blaze got um now doe Man ill neva marry a hoe Man ill neva marry a hoe Yup They say yaboi he's animal now
Straight slangin d on the block They say yaboi he's animal now Straight slangin d on the block Man yaboi he ain't get caught I been done did that shit doe Man yaboi he ain't get caught I been done did that shit doe I been ran off in niggas homes
I been ran off the plug twice I been ran off in niggas homes I been ran off the plug twice Yaboiblaze ain't smokin spice Still hitin licks shootin dice Yaboi Yaboiblaze ain't smokin spice Still hitin licks shootin dice
Real swag shit Yaboiblaze Whooop whooop Is that Yaboiblaze Swag Yaboiblaze Huh Whooop whooop
Is that Yaboiblaze Swag Huh Boiblaze is that Yaboiblaze Boiblaze Yeah He trick off on ya hoe like everyday And ya know
That Yaboiblaze Yeah He trick off on ya hoe like everyday And ya know that ya bitch fuck wit blaze Yung sexgod yeah Boiblaze And ya know that ya bitch fuck wit blaze Yung sexgod yeah
Is that boiblaze Fucked her in the east And Yaboiblaze Fucked her in the streets Is that boiblaze Fucked her in the east And yaboiblaze Fucked her in the streets
U already know ya boi slang things U already know that ya bitch fuck wit blaze U already know ya boi slang things U already know that ya bitch fuck wit blaze Yea Fuckin on ya mane Pullin all em things Fuckin on ya mane
Bitch give me back my swag today Wastin all his time Bitch give me back my swag today Bitch why you playing Yaboiblaze Steadily callin on his phone But this bitch she be on kiddy games Bitch give me back my swag You do not rep that swag gang
Stacking up lettuce I woke up flexin' I was finessin' Stacking up lettuce Don't call me just leave a message Stacking like Tetris I was dead broke now I'm flexin' Stacking like Tetris
Don't call me just leave a message Stacking it up like it's Tetris Diamonds perplexing I got the sauce like Ranch Dressing I was dead broke now I'm flexin' Stacking it up like it's Tetris Diamonds perplexing I got the sauce like Ranch Dressing
Unh In one ear, and out the other like Mhm, yeah Mhm, yeah Holup, what? Say, wutchu say?! Sorry, what? Say, wutchu say?!
It's Mr. North himself, I the Poet Even in your dreams, couldn't get this fly, you know it Every room I be in, power white, like it was snowin' Realest out the Six, why you front like you ain't know it? Disappointment, naw this a clinic I'm puttin' on Haterade they sippin' on See the skin they slippin' off? Why my grass is never long
Shake the Devil off All he ever do is talk Angels all around me, rolling deeper than the ASAP Mob Sippin' on some bizzy, tryna get them toxins outta me Water off my back, I'm duckin' busters constantly You ain't with the clique, who told you that you oughta be? So every time they talkin', it be in one ear and out the other like Holup, what?
In one ear, and out the other like Big things poppin' Lil things stop it Stackin' up deposits While you runnin' out of options Coppin' too much for my closet Don't even have a closet Tryna stop my launch, but I'm the Elon Musk of rockets
So James Harden, how I'm ballin' Really I'm a problem Phone been blowin' up all day, decline's the option, yeah I'm Kinda puzzled why these haters callin'... Turns out they diggin' the beat, I guess Still they askin why he's so fresh; All this green; Romain, no dress I-N-G, you should invest in me;
I pay my dues and my debts All she wantin' me? Say less! Wishing that they were me? Check Do I think they'll O.D.? Yes Controlling waves like Poseidon Watashi wa tensaidesu, why it's like
Bitch I'm never fucking sober Never faking ain't a poser I won't make it guess I'm over nah Fuck it put the soda on the table Crush it up and split it Just like you supposed to Here's a toast to being fuck ups, man Fuck, I guess I choose to
Pour it up, wait, hold up You're slow, bruh Kissing up on my shoulder When I hold her Losing motivation fiending for an indication That I'll make it otherwise I need a permanent vacation Had to replace it Back to the basics
Suicidal, lose the cycle I might lose my patience Broker than a motherfucker I ain't doin well So I guess that when I die fuck it I wanna go to hell Drop top with the Glock cocked With the top back Letting them know I'm about that Say they know that Say I won't blow that
No light in the tunnel I feel like kodak Pulling right up to the scene And the bitches they fucking They don't know my name Oh you be loving attention and loving affection But bro, I do not feel the same I got the girl up the crib and I'm working and living This rapping corrupting your brain
Man, those clout google be tight You need to go fucking exchange God ain't hear me When I asked him for a blessin So I picked up this mic, and this pipe And taught that boy a lesson I've been wating now and now I'm breakin Now that's why I'm stressing
Drippin' water on your bitch, I get her wet I hop off a jet to a check, then I flex Bust down the wrist, gon' fuck up my neck If he want some smoke, I'm sendin' shooters to his neck One shot from this choppa, leave him I got big Glocks, I got choppas too Shoot this fuckin' choppa 'til the clip is through One shot from this choppa, leave him
I don't want to 'cause my bruh already hit dat See me smokin' dope, don't ask if you can hit dat In my Audi tryna find out where the roof at See you big mad, I just spent a big bag Designer mix-match, tell me where you get dat If she get close, tell that hoe to get back She want no smoke, she just want attention Got 'em stressin', I can feel the tension
Not to mention, I be money spendin' I don't want to 'cause my bruh already hit dat See me smokin' dope, don't ask if you can hit dat In my Audi tryna find out where the roof at I'm a bad bitch baby, you a catfish Make you disappear, you'd think I'd know magic That's my old flow, I'ma let you have it Bitch I ain't lucky, you know that I planned this
My first time up in Berghain on the dance floor feeling lost I was wavin' and I was ravin' and I'm stranded on the rocks If it's the henny or the remmy gotta drink it on the rocks I'm swervin' up in Berlin more than spiced up private socks My first time up in Berghain on the dance floor feeling lost I was wavin' and I was ravin' and I'm stranded on the rocks See last nigh we mashed it up, of ice and a plastic cup on the Pirate dock with the private stock stamp on my hand I ain't
Now, Mrs Wong, let me ask you a question... Oouu Tash Ehh Yeah Woo I want it all She gave me oouu I got the tool
Fuck on your boo Fuck on your boo Jug,jug,jug,jug,jug I want it all Jug,jug,jug,jug,jug She gave me oouu I got the tool Yo catch me on the 125's nothing bigger
Im with the bros riding round with the dinger Your girl knows im as sinner, but i ain't no average nigga Boar tongue, Uck face, you know thats a killer Ive been jugging on the back roads Ivge been jugging for the week Tell ? I need art hoes Im just tryna get the packs Sold
Contbute or better leave Couple niggas on the team I put 5 on my feet I put 5 on my chest Look at the ice n my pinky I think dem niggas get the Jist Your bitch she kinky, she be talking with a lsp I be fucking in your miss, shit
Fuck sake, ahh, sham All the shits that i missed Gotta get this pay See the man move gay They just wanna watch man form far and wide Cause they ain't getting no cake I had enough of the fakes Dem mans talking street but im bsy right now taking elizabeth dates
Noww i gotta rn from jakes Allld day and nght, KId CUdi Said she dont like my mates I dont care i just want ucky I ain't really feeling this fam I just wanna feel that money Chilling at the shows im jumpy Fields at the show loom comfy
I swear that I'll be good without you I swear that I'll be good without you It's the same old shit, you need to get yourself a life, yeah Stop clingin' on to mine if you ain't tryna make shit right Oh, it's all my fault, goddamn, here we go again Here we go with that, okay, can't even say "hi" to a friend I'm just with the squad, why the fuck you goin' so damn hard? I'm just rippin' shows, when I could be out here slayin' all these fuckin' hoes
Right, never like fuck it tonight Why don't you live your life? Don't believe the hype Fuck whatever's right Just give this bitch the pipe Just for the night , do it for a strike Can't you see a nigga's tryna seize these demons Them chasers yellin' out for so many reasons
Everything I'm doing's got me tired as fuck And everything you're sayin' got me fired up It's the same old shit, you need to get yourself a life, yeah Stop clingin' on to mine if you ain't tryna make shit right Okay, why you always lie? Tryna justify, I'm always feelin' tried It's you I despise, I'm always bein' kind, now I think I'm bein' blind There's no you and I, don't want another try, just need you out my life Fuck rollin' dice, can't do another night, I'm just being nice
Livin' life, yeah, connectin' with the fans Tryna be a helpin' hand but you fuckin' with the plans This is how I stand , I thought you knew the brand I'm just doing what I can , why you hate me for the "can'ts" Can't you see a nigga's tryna seize these demons Them chasers yellin' out for so many reasons Everything I'm doing's got me tired as fuck And everything you're sayin' got me fired up
When I pretend, I can forget about the criminal I am Stealing second after second, just 'cause I know I can But I can't pretend this is the way it'll stay I'm just Trying to bend the truth I can't pretend I'm who you want me to be So I'm Lying my way from... You No, no turning back, now
I wanna be pushed aside, so let me go No, no turning back, now Let me take back my life I'd rather be all alone No turning back, now Anywhere on my own, 'cause I can see The very worst part of you is me We were so young so full of life and vibrance
Side by side, wherever you was riding, I went So close, almost on some Bonnie and Clyde shit When Ronnie died you was right by my side With a shoulder to cry on and tissue to wipe my eyes And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it You even had the same type of childhood I did Sometimes I just wanna know why is it that you succame to yours And mine I survived it. You ran the streets, I 9 to 5ed it
We grew up, grew apart as time went by us And I blew up to both yours and mines surprises Now I feel a vibe I just can't describe it Much as your pride tries to hide it your cold your touch is just like ice And your eyes is a look of resentment I can sense it and I don't like it So I'm.. Trying to bend the truth I can sense it and I don't like it
Lying my way from... You I wanna be pushed aside, so let me go Let me take back my life I'd rather be all alone No turning back, now Anywhere on my own, 'cause I can see The very worst part of you is me
I remember what they taught to me Remember condescending talk of who I ought to be Remember listening to all of that and this, again So, I pretended up a person who was fitting in And, now, you think this person really is me And I'm Trying to bend the truth But, the more I push, the more I'm pulling away 'Cause I'm Lying my way from...
So I changed, huh? You got a phone Pick it up, call me Like this This isn't what I wanted to be I never thought that what I said Would have you running from me Like this X4
Y'all niggas mad that we on, 'member them nights it was hard Y'all niggas know that we on, .30 gon' hit 'em, he fall Y'all niggas mad that we on, 'member them nights it was hard Y'all niggas know what we on Y'all niggas mad that we on Y'all niggas know what we on I hope you know that we on it, yep Jenny , Patron, i'mma pour it up
Got some new Blixks, told 'em load it up 16 start dumpin', leave all 'em slumped Y'all niggas know what we been on, we pull up Suburban and drop and then spin off Talkin' designer done did all, i'm back out the jam, they ain't think we'll get on Hella' bottles in the spizzy, Blixky Gang, we run the city For nem slides switchin' renties, for SoSama, i'm gettin' busy I'm drippin', i'm all in her kidney, I shoot till its empty Twirlin', get drippy, we flexin', I pour codeine in my beverage
Bend in your block wit' a weapon, i'm trynna' leave some headless Trappin' and ballin', I think I be Meech, every Blicky I bought is a matchin' McQueen And your treesh should be on me, we pull up all squeezin', that's brains on the corner Shots hit him all in the jaw, run up don't shoot out of cars RIP 'Sama he gone, I know he proud that we on 16 know 22Gz wit' me, how can I lack, keep a beam wit' me 22 home now, my nigga's back and we'll show how it go down Movin' funny, we'll dust a nigga, stupid nigga, you ain't clutch a trigger
Only designer i'm wearin', Cuban link, I'm switchin' up foreigns Soon the label gon' have me out tourin', if he disrespect, glizzy is roarin' Bullets wet up, his body it's pourin', how the oppers ain't sayin' we scorin' Just waitin' for money, endorsements, i'mma flip it and pack it in portions Soon wake up the Hills in the mornin', sort of life that I live is a fortune Pray that I got, that I witness, important, niggas be shootin', they talk to enforcements My niggas been on they bullshit, every Blicky got beams with a full clip Hit his face just to know that we drilled 'em
Run it up run it up you bitches is sum fucking dubs Still rockin old skool vans these bitches takin off my pants Fuck a bitch play a bitch pass her on to the clique I'm lil vaz I'm lil vaz I'm smokin on this fucking gas Poppin tags poppin tags Gucci on my fucking back Fuck the fame fuck the fame only want the bread aye I just popped a xan 50 thousand in Japan aye Fuckin on yo baby Mama while I'm counting up these commas
Talking shit talking shit pull up with some fucking sticks Shoot you in yo brain and do the dash like usain Stupid bitch stupid bitch Goofy bitch goofy bitch Stupid bitch stupid bitch Counting all this fucking money you bitches fucking funny Smokin on this dank you niggas is hella fake I don't eat the booty like a cake nigga
'Cause when I'm You ready, Growin' up with an older mental, your destiny really depends on what you been through Wordplay, breath control, controllin' the tempo In the hood it's like respect is your only credentials Weed, liquor, and a gun are the only essentials 'Til you do somethin' dumb 'cause your homie convinced you Put two behind the walls, they waitin' to you
Plus you all washed up, they just waitin' to wrench you Tryna stand up straight but the hatin' will bend you In a different tax bracket, how can they offend you? If everything they drop is ratchet, how can they continue? Master of the ceremony, I'm ownin' the venue The sword is might but I know you know what the pen do Kinda hard to figure out but you know that it's simple Catch a bullet in the head, that's a hole in the temple
This a fucked up game but it's so influential Come across the same sample, its coincidental I pay a flight, room and board with no incidentals Tryna get it all right 'fore I leave you This rap shit is my life and I need you If I did it out of spite, I ain't need to Words of advice, the team heeds you Tryna get it all right 'fore I leave you
This rap shit is my life and I need you I could feel it in the air when I breeze through I don't really care what it leads to Never bite that hand that'll feed you Go livin' off the land if I need to Uh, growin' up with a older mental So official that I'mma pull in a roll of tissue Mo' money, mo' problems, little niggas know the issues
The same happen to me, then the homies know to get you So much sun, I'mma make it and you gon' watch me do it It's just all about focus and you can't stop us doin' it You can't stop, just like the cops can't stop the shootin' Comin' at me is a no-no and I'm not refusin' Been up and coming for a minute and I'm still leadin' Y'all know I'm in and out the trap, I heard they still fiendin' You was never ballin' with us, you was chair leadin'
Niggas think the trap is dead that shit is still breathin' They say, "Nino Man, you act like you don't know nobody" I said, "Nah, I just act like I don't own nobody" They see the different color belts like I know Karate They know before I ran the block, I controlled the lobby And I already know what's up, don't gotta know to find me Tryna be here for a while, not breeze through If I did it out of spite, I ain't need to
I know it's the fame that make them turn they neck On top of my game dawg you ain't learn that yet I went through that pain and I ain't turning back I put us through pain that's why she turned her back Snow and the rain I had to surf in that I heard all them bitches they wanna hurt me back I'm cut throat I'm at niggas neck no turtle neck You think about robbing I don't encourage that
We get to the money we don't encourage that These niggas move funny we don't encourage that I'm at the W kickback and I got my feet up The bitches hype, the view is nice palm treed up I think this shit is called cookies, boutta roll some weed up And me I don't pay for pussy nigga I stayed G'd up And me really had to push it nigga I just reed up And me I don't fuck with rookies wait hold up lemme catch it
It's going down I ain't know then but I know it now Surrounded by water I blow it down I used to sell quarters when I was down The name of my sneaks I can't pronounce These niggas is sleep tryna count me out Ain't nothing is free I survive the drought I've been packed every time I was counted out Grams I was pushing i'm playing the block
Ain't press no pussy ain't chasing no thot I'm falling back boutta blaze at my spot They calling back cause I made this shit pop Not worried bout nobody taking my spot Not worried bout nobody taking my spot 7 am I didn't eat breakfast I'm taking my shot My mom told me stay of the block Can't stay off the block
I started with Lil we'll always be close We closer than blood that's always my folks When I was a pup he taught me the rules Don't speak on the murder wrap He ain't body nothing with the yicki make sure you niggas bring the 30 back VS 1's cost 30 cash lil baby wanna bring em back We ain't in the nigga G.O.D. I don't encourage that Nah we don't encourage that where you from I never heard of that
When I ride by I 'ont like your vibe, you ain't squad When I ride by On the road, where the poles Say I'm cold, bitch go home With my bros, boutta smoke I'm on poles, everything is in motion; Go Keep it low, boutta flow
Knowledge, so proud of Cole Gotta go, gotta go Hotta flows, countless hoes I'm that bull, all y'all know From the road, where niggas throw, where niggas pole, where niggas on go I 'ont your vibe, you ain't squad Don't sweat these hoes, they come and go Be running home when money's low
I get chose, different hoes I wear clothes, nice clothes I just stroll, lose control On my soul, this gon go Slept on floors, all along Now I'm on, now it's on In my zone, how you feel We strong, team is strong, keep it calm
Oh that bitch going Oh that bitch blowing Sniffing cocaine would've thought it was snowing These bitches get on my nerves they're annoying The way that she talk oh I swear that bitch boring Chuck want to fuck all the groupies while touring She go to sniff the cocaine up her nostrils Don't mess with us all my niggas are hostile
Sacc chi ma fatt ben e chi e parlat sul Noooo nun m fid chiu' e nisciun A sta p certa gent preferisco a sta ra sul Noo nun m fid chiu' e nisciun Sacc chi ma fatt ben e chi e parlat sul Noo nun m fid chiu' e nisciun A gent t vo ben sul si si coccurun A sta p certa gent preferisco a sta ra sul
We snitchin' on each other tellin' everything Buy from other colors, sellin' everything That vodka was my crush but now I'm just on everything The landlord just kicked my mother out and everything But why the fuck my people always rentin' everything? 'Cause we don't own anything We don't stand for anything And so we fall for anything
We wasn't born with anything We don't control anything And we don't own anything And we don't learn anything So we don't earn anything We sell our soul for anything We sell our soul for everything Mom and papa used to fall out over everything
I'm at the mall, I'm spendin' all I got on everything Money and the power, bitches over everything It don't make sense if I ain't livin' for everything 'Cept we don't live for anything Niggas kill for anything We dyin' over everything We killin' over anything Killin' over anything
Cos i gat too much love for the dope Dope boy, dope boy, go Dope boy, dope boy, go Dope boy, dope boy, dope I'm in a Bentley baby, shuttin' it down for my Lasgidi babes All of my bitches are rocking the Gucci baby And all of my niggas is all in Mercedes-Benz I'm in a Bentley baby, shuttin' it down for my Lasgidi babes
All of my bitches are rocking the Gucci baby And all of my niggas is all in Mercedes-Benz In the club i've been smoking dope I'm so high, i cannot feel my toes All these Arizona gat me gone I've been in a Rollie screaming ghost Shawty wanna party with the dope boy Then she never like me, cos i was a broke boy
I just had to move cos i had a goal boy Now she don't wanna leave me no more I'm in a Bentley baby, fuckin' the bitch again I put her on diamonds, and gave her some money to ride on my dick again Mac 'n' Devin, i'm like makaveli, i've smokin' the weed again Cos i'm on that trip again, and i ain't trippin' baby I just wanna flex I gat bitches with me smokin' loud in a Benz
They just want my money, so i'm giving 'em my dick Started up with zero digits, now i'm in the six Always on my grind, every night i cannot sleep You can't see me home, cos i'm always in the streets I'm a "New Skul Thug", i gat OGs all around me Somebody find me the loud please Wait, Shawty is mad at me cos I'm a stoner Cos i gat too much love for the dope
Dope boy, dope boy, dope I gat all the smoke in my pants And the money laughing in the bank Fuck wit New Skul Thugs, Nigga you dead I ain't gat your time on my patek So let me die first, before you bury me Yes, i know i gat a lot of enemies They wanna see me fall, but i'm on my feet
Angels all around me, i feel like a king I'm in a Bentley baby, smokin' the weed again Doubling, saving up all of my money, i'm tryna buy weed again In the studio i've been smokin' , so i've been killing the beat again I hope you feel the wave, you know i'm too wavy Hustle everyday I just got a PC, so i'm waiting for my pay ''Maga don dey pay, you con' say make i no chill myself''
Not a victim, you're a part of me like the air I breathe Misery loves company, you're my VIP You're my VIP, everything to me I'm sorry I love to hurt you, your pain makes me feel alive But patience is a virtue, I'll resonate inside your mind No one can see but the viewer and me and you I drink every tear you cry, I'll film every single night, I'll keep these memories of you What have you done to me?
I never feel sympathy The cuffs are off, so go Remember me You shook something inside of me Am I feeling empathy? I'll always stay close Remember me It seems my feelings finally got the best of me
You broke into me like a thief in the night, stole it all from me You've exposed my heart, my guilt and my humanity Took my skin from me That's why I have to let you go as much as it hurts me Promise you won't forget me though, I'll be here waiting, suffering No matter where you go, I'll follow, I'll always see Either inside of my dreams or on my TV screen, you'll never escape from me What have you done to me?
2-2, beat it up Drop top, kit it up Bang, bang, get it up Bad bitch, tooted up Loaded, I'm booted up Bad bitch, tooted up 2-2, beat it up Drop top, kit it up
Bang, bang, get it up Loaded, I'm booted up Yeah Niggas ain't get enough Drop top, swerving it, ayy This might hurt a bit, yeah Bullshit, curving it, yeah 40 bands for the fur, chinchilla texture
VVS on me, seven rings like Kerr And I want yo girl, yeah, I just want her Young Gerald so cold, made Gucci say "burr" I be off that stuff so my words might slur Veryon go skrrt, yeah The engine purr, call it Black Panther Murder, murder, mur-der I'm in new Supreme, got a ruthless team tryna do something
Off a xan, have a lucid dream Now I'm losing steam Gerald Yeah Can't keep up, car too fast, eat my dust He too trash, he couldn't last, he wouldn't bust Got a big ol' and my bitch too bad and my ring on G-Eazy, please take it easy, big booty breezy
Bought a Rollie in Sweden, gave it to my right hand man Yeah, the haters be schemin', but I keep blingin' Keep Touch down in England, treat me like a Springsteen Never would have thought I was a kingpin Bought a hard top Wraith and a drop top Don That new SV, parked on the lawn Drip head to toe, fit from Milan
Ooh, bricks in the mail get delivered to the front door Ooh, stick's what I smoke, in the 'Wood, it's extendo Ooh, bricks out the bando Ooh, bricks in the mail get delivered to the front door Ayy, jump out the drop top Ooh, Jump off the porch, then I start selling crack rocks I got a beam with a fat Glock Ayy, beam, so I make sure that motherfucker top drop
Ooh, lean in a three cup And my shooter got a freezer Ooh, aim it at a nigga, and I bet that nigga freeze up Got a check, got to bling up Ooh, stay with the snow, like a nigga stuck in winter What that bitch eat for dinner? She ate my dick, then she gargled on the white stuff Ayy, yah, ayy
Choppa bustin', rounds on flick mode If I pull up on this bitch, she suck the tip That's off the wrist, though On the low, I'm out here lurking for a freak ho, yo I just came up off a lick, my life a cheat code 2-2-3 with beam right at his face We could pull up, straight broad day, if you want that today Ayy, I came up from nothing, was posted for Js
Bitch, yeah, ooh, bitch Yeah, ayy, ho, bitch Ayy You ain't with the shit , shit , stop that shit Glock with a dick, bitch, I'm poppin' shit I just poured a six of the Tech, on some hot shit I don't wanna fuck, give me neck, you's a thot, bitch Water on my neck, cost a check, cost a lot, bitch
New Jaguar, I just skrted out the lot, bitch New freezer on my wrist, gelato my 'Wood Heard a pussy talkin' shit, lil' nigga, what's good? Got a .30 with a dick, keep it tucked away Bad bitch, fat ass, sexy in the face Glock out with the choppa, but I beat the case You ain't with the shit , shit , stop that shit Glock with a dick, bitch, I'm poppin' shit
Swervin' at night a different type of feeling I sell a Ziploc the feds know I'm sealing Transactions of heartbreak different type of dealing I ride in a coupe with stars all on the ceiling Ride in a coupe with stars all on the ceiling Swervin' at night a different type of feeling I sell a Ziploc the feds know I'm sealing I ride in a coupe with stars all on the ceiling
If i show up then ill show up pretty late Wit my shawty in that iced out white 68 I done bossed up now they mad Took a fuckin chance I was broke now im gettin to the bag Used to want a lam or a jag Juugin out my momma house neighbor gettin nervous callin up somebody everytime im standin on the curb its crazy i was seein undercovers creepin late they lurkin i was peekin out the fuckin curtains i can see em searchin We had 25 to life up in my bed room, parties every weekend we ain't give a fuck we livin to be dead soon all i know is bein broke done made me a man, momma told me that its time to grow up get it however you can
I be straight chillen in the whip Styrofoam in the center thats my sip If i show up then ill show up pretty late Wit my shawty in that iced out white 68 Oh u a big dawg? Tellin everybody u a og? You say this yo area You run it? shit we gon see
Tell my girl to grab her cell phone Tell her call mike Let him know next time he in my city then its on sight Real g shit i don play round with these fuck boys Grown men lil pussy bustin better duck boy S-o-u-t-h tatted on my fuckin ribs You done fucked round with the wrong jit, aim this at yo lid Squeeze it hop up in the whip turn it on n dip
Oh, baby, let's get down tonight Just want you to relax Ease into it Baby slow down, just take your time You and me goin' be here for a while Okay Baby don't rush this, take your time You and me goin' be here for a while
Okay I got so much that I want to do I just want to be close to you Don't want to be no where but here No where in this atmosphere Stratosphere, ionosphere Ain't no sphere that's bright like here Don't want to be no where but here
No where in this atmosphere I'm good where I am Baby slow down, take your time Okay, hey But I can show you better than I can say Sexual healing makes me feel so fine Helps to relieve my mind Baby, I'm hot just like an oven
I need some lovin' And baby, I can't hold it much longer It's getting stronger and stronger And when I get that feeling Sexual healing makes me feel so fine Helps to relieve my mind Sexual Let me show you how
Sexual Let me show you now Oh, baby, let's get down tonight Come on, come on, come on Get up, get up, get up Wake up, wake up, wake up What time is it? 7:48! Where, where are my where, where, where are my panties? Baby slow down, take your time
Okay, hey Oh baby, you make me feel so good Come let me take you by the hand Oh baby, you make me feel so good Let me show you how Let me show it out I want to show ya how Get up, get up, get up, let's make love tonight
Wake up, wake up, wake up, 'cause you do it right Get up, get up, get up, let's make love Wake up, wake up, wake up Now how does that sound to you? You see, 'cause it sounds so good Sounds so good to me What's happenin', fellas? It sounds so good to me
I bag it up all week but she don't know that It may be bad but I am on my own path She wanna be with me but she don't know, yea I stay silent when she call me on the phone, yea Try to hide it I keep that shit on the low, yea She don't know that we strapped like the navy Bust down bust down bust down she can't see all the ice She wanna be with me but she can't handle the price
Bust down bust down bust down know I'm colder than frost She wanna be with me but she can't handle the cost, hey Don't make me say it twice There's benefits to me but she can't handle the price She can't get with the sauce She wanna be with me but she can't handle the cost, yea I bag it up all week but she don't know that It may be bad but I am on my own path
Tu mi fai proprio impazzire Solo tu, ja, ja Dance moves Sie will mehr Kush It's CE$ bro, straight Ja aus Wienenbusch Ey listen what i say Io muoio per lei
Smoke green everyday Mary Jane, i love you Sag mir bitte wer hat so ein Bounce in Deutschland? Kleid aus Seide, Tasche - Leder Anaconda Cadillac, Schiavonea Beach Ass Twerk , fruity peach Karamell Haut, pretty feet Sono vero, sono vero
Sono vero, sono vero Si, si, si, ja, ja, ja Spit that shit, Verse two Bitch please, who are you? Wo bleibt deine Crew? They scared, ja, Peek-a-boo Oh yeah CE$ im Game Fuck yo brain , only pain
Recorde fur den Fame Benutze Autotune so wie Lil Wayne Ey, shake that ass Gansehaut, Erotico, brivido Sextape, sie spritzt liquido Alles was ich tue fur die Million On Top wie Pele , Con lei im Prive Jean Paul Gaultier
Jumper dancing all up on yo' bitch She want my cock, ayy Peter it, .30, bitch, I Milly Rock Got a gun in my sock I give no fuck about no cops, ayy Bitch, get off my block if you ain't tryna cut no rocks, ayy Twin Glocks, 30/30, bitch, that's 60 shots Twin Glocks, wah, wah, wah, ayy
Mess with all them cops, ayy Instagram bitch in the wrist, givin' top On 80 block, I do a rock Bitch, I keep my Glock, ooh Young man, you are not a killer, you should stop, ooh Wock' in my cup, twin Glocks, flare 'em off, ayy Jumper dancing all up on yo' bitch She want my cock, ayy
Peter it, .30, bitch, I Milly Rock Got a gun in my sock I give no fuck about no cops, ayy Bitch get off my block if you ain't tryna cut no rocks, ayy Twin Glocks, 30/30, bitch, that's 60 shots On 80 block, I do a rock Bitch, I keep my Glock Young man, you are not a killer, you should stop, ooh
Yeah, I walked in this bitch with a bad bitch on my motherfucking lap You know what the fuck going on, nigga Comethazine in this bitch, ho, pipe the fuck up Bitch, yeah, ho Ooh, yeah Grab the strap and brush my teeth, uh Stay up, ayy Ain't no sleeping around me, nah
No sleeping around me And I got my fucking beam I wake up, ayy Grab the strap and brush my teeth, uh Stay up, ayy Ain't no sleeping around me, nah Got the K Case a pussy want some beef, uh
McDonald niggas always with the fake beef, ayy Shape up, ayy Sharp line and gold teeth, uh She okay But she ain't good enough for me, uh Her pussy straight But didn't wait for her to leave, uh Wake up, ayy
Got the K Case a pussy want some beef, uh McDonald niggas always with the fake beef, ayy Fuck a safe, uh I got bands up in my jeans, ayy Ayy, what's on your waist? That's a Glock 17, ayy Ooh, take off his face
Bitch, I'm aiming with my beam, ho Shh-ch-ch-ch-ch Then I dip the scene, ho I wake up, ayy Shape up, ayy Sharp line and gold teeth, uh She okay But she ain't good enough for me, uh
I'm the lead singer of my band I get all the girls to take off their underpants I'm the lead singer of my band My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance And take off their underpants
And take off their underpants, my salsa My salsa I get all the girls to take off their underpants My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa And take off their underpants And take off their underpants, my salsa My salsa
I'ma scoop you up for the weekend For the weekend For the weekend Let me be your momentary on the the contrary Merry miss, you got it poppin' I see you smiling, right? You like my style, right? Monday through Sunday, would that be alright?
You had a long week, wait, don't speak You ain't gotta say a word, just come with me We can go to a island and look over horizons You ain't gotta pay, I got it covered, Verizon We can slow dance right under the moonlight While your beauty shine, girl, you oh so bright Have you ever been in love with a Blew-style rapper Forget your man before 'cause the best comes after
I treat you like a queen, put a crown on your head Water in the mattress and we drowning the bed I'll be your , listen how I write bars If you're ready to start, then just press pause, ok The only time we creepin' is only on the weekend Only on the weekend On the weekend A perfect getaway is what you seeking
Private islands is what you thinking Work all week, no time for sleeping I'm flow-gifted, five mic rippin' it Take you on a getaway, five star dinner plate Lone Star dinner steak, bottle of the finest taste Now we in the zone, right? It's on like Friday night fights, but we ain't fightin' Just love, jabbin', crackin' jokes, headed to the log cabin
S'mores by the fireplace I can give you what you need, girl, and take you to a better place Overseas at the beach, speaking different languages 80 degree weather, yeah I know my angles, kid Spa treatment but it ain't no staff here Champagne to the sky, make a toast for the new year We all know it's not a secret girl, and it's only for the weekend
It's for tha gang These bitches tryna drink my cum up now, yeah These bitches tryna get my number now I'm riding foreigns on the 7 now, yeah 053 we run the blocka now I'm with my whodies and we run the block If I see you opp niggas, we gon chase you out I got diamond clock, jewels we call them melon rocks
Free up leo, rali rest of all my brodem out 053 yeah we a family If I see you then its gon be hamly If you don't get it then don't come around me I got thousand groupies all around me I'm with my whodies and we run the block If I see you opp niggas, we gon chase you out I got diamond clock, jewels we call them melon rocks
Free up leo, rali rest of all my brodem out 053 yeah we a family If I see you then its gon be hamly If you don't get it then don't come around me I got thousand groupies all around me They call me guwop I'm so icey now Yeah Mazu Mazu, bricks collosal I got bloodas with 3K's ain't never grovel they just hustle
Flippin waffles, diamonds fossils Team some hammers, go full throttle Ridin foreigns through the lygon Groupies horny, Full wit models, yeah Y'all niggas tried to talk behind me now But I got shooters roun my city and they squeezing now The opps confused they scratch they heads like how Yo bitch a thot she suck my head while she be coolin now
In a world full of no love So im on the search for that one who can change it Cause right now im feeling insane bitch I think ive fucked it all up In a world full of no love So im on the search for that one who can change it Cause right now im feeling insane bitch I fucked it up
Argh They will regret when i blow up Argh I got the waves like i'm noah They gon be salt when i glow up Glow up Glow up They gon be salt when i glow up
I got the keys like im sora Play with the blades like it's sword art Blasting the power that's stored up You can not touch on my aura Ultra Ultra Watch a young nigga go ultra Watch a young nigga go ultra
You selling your soul for a payment I am the goat in the making I'm selling my time just to make it You niggas are looking two faced I am anonymous i don't be going thru phases All you niggas are faking Wanna be famous Blood on the pavement
Ya niggas are sleeping The crown for the taking I got the keys like im sora Play with the blades like it's sword art Blasting the power that's stored up You can not touch on my aura They selling they souls on ebay I'm killing these niggas no leeway
From you fucking me from behind Oh you like that pussy, don't you? Ooh, you like that pussy? Oh, oh yeah, oh it's all yours baby, fuck me! Oh, I can feel you deeper Yes fuck me baby Oh yeah, ooohh ooh FUCK ME One more time! Fuck me baby!
Check this out Hello? Hey, what's up? Hey baby, how you doing? What's happening? Are you in town yet? Nah, I'll be in about 9:30, 10 o'clock--what you up to? Nothin' baby, just waiting on you
Oh, like that? Mmm-hmm... Ay look here, I got some potnas out here right Uh-huh... They showed me a real nice time while I was down here Damn, that's good, baby You know me, I'm good-natured, I kinda wanna return the favor You know?
Yeah... So look here, we need to have a little fun tonight Let's do something different What you wanna do different, baby? Why don't me, you, and my potna take a ride? Uh, well, you know, baby, I'm down to take a ride Where we going? Uh, let's go out to the water
Mmm, that sound kinda cozy You know what I'm sayin', go out to the water Yeah, let's go to the water, baby I want you to do something different with him too, though I mean, what you want me to do that's different? I want you to show him a nice time like you show me a nice time Damn, baby, you know... But see, if you was really really down with me like you say you is
You could respect that coming from me Well, baby, you know, I cherish you, you know, and uh... You supposed to I'm just willing to do everything you want me to do You supposed to Well, what is it then? I want you to do what you do to me Damn baby, you know, I wanna do it
But I don't wanna do it better than I do you Shit, I ain't jealous I don't know, his girl mighta did me better than she did him Damn, well, you know, I know I'm a winner, you know what I'm sayin' So I can't let his bitch outdo me, you know what I'm sayin' Can't let her outdo you, baby But, uh, I just wanna know one thing What's that?
Will you look down on me if I do that? Look down on you? Uh, well, will you still respect me as being your lady? Shit, if anything, that'll, you know, make me respect you more, you know Well, let's get it on Show me that you, you know, really appreciate me the way you supposed to You know Well, baby, you know, your wish is my command, baby
I hope so--ay look here, I'm running up my phone bill Let me call you later Okay, baby But yeah, just pick me up from the air--nah, nah, don't do that Uh, I'll call you when I get home Alright, baby Alright See ya
'97 Airmax with the RAF If you Blood throw them Bs like its summer If you Crip throw them Cs like 100s Boujee bitch in the back of the Hummer Foreign drip in these Saint Laurent runners 400 shoes 300 bands '97 Airmax with the RAF
If you Blood throw them Bs like its summer If you Crip throw them Cs like 100s Boujee bitch in the back of the Hummer Foreign drip in these Saint Laurent runners Perc 30 I'ma tweak like an addict Get the pill wanna live like I'm Alice Beanman and you know that I be rollin Seat back in the whip like it's stolen
Bust it back she gon let me control it Rick Owen run the guap Jackie Robin in these Robin jeans Red Bull, watch the lean give me wings All these snakes cause the cash in my knees Money longer than the middle of spring Get it spend it, man I do that with ease Bullets spray him like a can of Febreeze
Fuck a rello I'ma roll me a leaf 5 grams of the Cookie and Cream Rap about it don't be about it You be sayin shit and don't know what it mean Flexin on you in the Tommy fleece Exotic prints, exotic 'Preme Designer kicks, I'm feelin clean Yellow beans and green lean
You got killers, I got killers, let's get it Let's even the odds You got money, I got money You like money, I like money, I'm with it Let's even the odds I got it out the mud, I had to work for this So you ain't taking shit, you gotta work for this Rubber bands keep popping, man this shit aggravating
Love them bands like we hungry, we ain't ate for days So many chicken fiends running up with paper plates I pray they don't tempt me, I pray they don't flip me I'm fed bound, when you see me put your head down Birds tryna tag me 'cause I'm dragging all this bread around Good dope got this bitch looking like a hookah lounge What can you do to me that I can't do to you? I got niggas spooked
A hundred on the chop, we rock them like some tennis shoes I been improved I don't fuck with bums, I don't fuck with crumbs All I know is money, don't touch me if you ain't getting none You got shooters, I got shooters You got killers, I got killers, let's get it You got money, I got money You like money, I like money, I'm with it
I got it out the mud, I had to work for this So you ain't taking shit, you gotta work for this I'll come to you if you can't get to me Or give them boys a ten piece and this ain't Mickey D's In the city on the six up at Nicky D's Drinking Remy, I ain't getting to that Nicki beef 'Cause I play for keeps so don't play with me That forty stay with me, sneak dissing not okay with me
Master Chef! Different color guap, bankroll rainbow Different color thots from Japan to San Diego Different color drop, pink and green up in the Faygo Yeah, I feel like Jeff Hardy, hear the whispers in the wind Kevin Kazi kamikaze, kill myself up off the pill Blue molly, red molly, at a party in the hills New thotties, Bugattis when I catch that fuckin' mill'
Color coated denim, color coated women Color coated Sprite, color coated rental Thottie, she from Mali, give me toppy, give me dental Vintage Tommy on my body, man, these hoes think I'm official Need an exotic boo, fuck her than kick her out the room Hoppin' out the coupe, xans up in my Mountain Dew And when you want the guap, you gon' do what you gon' do I know this money shit for me, I want it more than you
Thankful for everything you've done for me In Jesus name I pray Amen I get the bag and abuse it, you get the bag and you lose it Shawty in the back and she zooted, disrespect the gang you get wounded All of my niggas is suited they booted, don't play me not stupid boy I might just lose it Whats in this cup? Its polluted, Niggas abuse it I get a pack and I move it
I get the bag and abuse it, you get the bag and you lose it Whats in this cup? Its polluted, Niggas abuse it I get a pack and I move it Niggas talkin bout we beefin' till I pull up with smoke Im not going out bad, not going out broke Now I'm balling hard niggas saying that I sold my soul Wrist Water, Water Whippin boy I had to scrape the bowl
Packflip, backflip nigga thats gymnastics I just want my family stable, wanna live lavish Seventeen and its time for me to get a bag Hangin out the window, air it out the bible on the dash Trill what you been on? Been chasing a check I did what I did I don't live with regrets You can't fit in my shoes you can't fit in my socks Nothing is given boy I earned my spot
I came numb to the pain I don't know how to love Sipping on this cup, drowning in the mud These niggas not fam, these niggas not my blood It is what it is hoe it ain't what it was Hop in the booth my phone on airplane mode You niggas are creasing my niggas don't fold No money times hard I hated being broke, now my Neck froze
Brr Wasn't fucking with me then, but you're fucking with me now Wasn't fucking with me then, but you're fucking with me now I'm a prodigy, so you know my mama proud I'm a prodigy, so you know my mama proud I'm so Icy, I think I could fucking freeze a cloud I'm so Icy, yeah I'd make it snow all in the crowd Trappin' my bag, makin' them songs
I'm finna blow up, just like a fad Flexin' a bitch, bitch I been mad I cannot fuck with these niggas, they shady I've got like 30 bricks in the back of my Mercedes Met her once and then she fell in love, wanna have my babies I'm so Icy, I think I could fucking freeze a cloud I'm so Icy, yeah I'd make it snow all in the crowd I don't got no time, no I don't got no time
I'ma tryna come through and waste your time Tryna fuck with me 'cause I'm all in my prime And my diamonds, yeah, bloody, ouu They one of a kind When I fuck your girl, yeah, I'ma break her spine All of my diamonds imported, they one of a kind I'ma go wasting your time, Icy is all in his prime Niggas ain't real, but they talk from behind
Fucking your bitch, and I'm breaking they spine Tell your wife that I'm wasting her time Niggas ain't real, but they talk from behind I got that Gucci my snakes Niggas, they fake like some snakes Fell in love, can't run my house got a gang Pull up, I flex in a Wraith, huh None of these niggas, they safe, yeah
She say that I'm a hero, ouu I'm so Icy, I'm so fucking Icy I be in the Masi, ridin' 'round with your wifey I got so many checks, yeah I got sponsored by Nike I know niggas mad, yeah Really wanna fight me Maybe 'cause your baby mamma really wanna pipe me
Niggas really on my dick, that's a shame I don't even know your name, give a fuck who you claim Nigga, fuck your gang-gang, that clout be the blame Give me a bag, bet you I fill it Slide me the beat, bet you I kill it Niggas is mad, I'm on my chill shit Haters not sweet, they really bitter Now when I really take off
Hope you get mad then you feel it 'Cause my name is getting hot Bitch, it's poppin' out the skillet Where you think you at? This Atlanta, lay you on your back You ain't on the map, stop the cap You can't really rap Using ghostwriters? Disrespect
What the fuck is that? Always putting shit on your set You a lame nigga You a bitch nigga You a snitch nigga, not cool I don't fuck with ya My pockets gettin' richer My pockets, they be litter
I hit it, I'm no pitcher Got more cheese than picture Niggas really on my dick, that's a shame I don't even know your name, give a fuck who you claim Give me a bag, bet you I fill it Slide me the beat, bet you I kill it Niggas is mad, I'm on my chill shit Haters not sweet, they really bitter
Now when I really take off Hope you get mad then you feel it 'Cause my name is getting hot Bitch, it's poppin' out the skillet Niggas got jokes? Well, I'm on your ass Niggas want smoke? Get ya chimney smashed Don't feature me on your song Promise nigga, you will get trashed
I'm Michael Phelps with that tool Don't let your whole team get splashed "Damn, he's rash!" Nah, that's just how I react In the Maybach, let my seat back Glove compartment where the piece at In Bahamas, where the sea at They tell a nigga to relax
Trappin' out the trap Boy keep it a stack You ain't in these streets You just talkin' all that smack These niggas want beef, you gon' meet my big mac She wanting my bag all Trappin' out the trap Bitch you know we flipping packs
Couple racks in my pants Watch your bitch throw it back 45 on my hip No these skinnie's don't sag! Talking down on the gang This money be pouring Your life is so boring That bitch is a thot So that pussy be touring
She wanting my baby, you know I'm ignoring These semis got autos Gon' leave yo ass snoring On that Rob a nigga shit Throw the cash in the whip Might run off with yo bitch Shotty blast you in a ditch Throw some cash on her ass
Earthquake on my dick Suck the sweat off her tits I'm a nasty lil' bitch Boy keep it a stack You ain't in these streets You just talkin' all that smack These niggas want beef, you gon' meet my big mac She wanting my bag all
No they don't x2 Yeah They Don't yet I'm Crazy They Don't know yet ! No they don't x2 Yeah They Don't yet Heard they want me to change my ways They don't want me to be confident
Heard they think they could body me Its hard to take down an Elephant x2 Last year lost a lot of friends When I came to my common sense Ni**as switch to other side, when my change didn't profit them. I guess they mad I've leveled up. For this fame there's a consequence they ain't teach you that in ELA, They ain't teach calculus Low support from my family tho I grind in the name of them all I see is the bigger picture. They just want me to get out quicker but instead of giving me the helping hand ni**as give me da opposite at times I feel like a foster kid then time I feel like a prophet shit All I wanted was love & they showed me none I don't look for nobody to hold me down
So if you wonder why Michael don't come around this is the reason it's vital I wrote it down Im tryna see profit Don't go in my way These haters they out here To ruin my day I don't got da light here Don't buzz in my state But when I get out here
It's hippy hi yay I feel like I'm drake & I feel like Kanye They biggest mistake They throw dirt on my name Ima be great know you heard of my name I'm Crazy Heard they want me to change my ways
Just moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, yeah Billie Jean, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk Diamonds on my neck, dance like Mike Jackson Diamonds on my wrist, dance like Mike Jackson Moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, yeah Billie Jean, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk Okay, bought my first gun with them pieces In love with the money, no secret
Diamonds so wet I get seasick Pass on your ho like a flea flicker We play the corner strategic I be on that Darelle Revis Run through the check up in Neimans Strapped with the Gilbert Arenas, schemin' I make my young nigga fuck up your day Nigga talk shit and get hit with the K
Mansion party in LA for the day Could fill up a fishtank with all this Rose Lil bitch said she never been to one Nigga say he got a strap but I got a bigger one Draco in the duffle bag, nigga better get you one Sauce on these pussy ass hoes like a Cinnabon, uh I don't really listen to the goon talk Springfield make a nigga moonwalk
I don't really care about the tool talk Money on head, wanna see me dead Opps tryna take a nigga roof off Take a nigga bitch, he a goofball Blue hundreds, pockets full of Snoop Dogg Just moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, yeah Moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, moonwalk, yeah Backwoods, stuffed crust, filled up, moon rock
New Jimmy Choos cost two grand, two off Call me Bagg the Builder, always keep a tool cocked Higher than a popstar, MJ, moonwalk, hey Jackets on me got a lot of zippers, feelin' like thriller I hit the scene larger than life, Godzilla My new bitch got a check, we in Vegas at a nice villa I'm too sauced up, if she act heavy I spill her Always had faith, now I'm ridin' in the Wraith
Let me get right, new beef I be - ion be feelin like myself Nigga be zoned and I be a whole new nigga Look, aye trouble maker I grew up as a baebae Cinco de Mayo, you get smoked on a May-day Shoot my nigga Taetae he stay with a Tay-K I'm from the hood you ain't good if you stay late Play me if you want
It get ugly.. like that b*tch that call you hubby In my field nun sweet b*tch we move like its rummy Threw them hands on that boy he keep talkin bout you drugged me You a running ass n*gga thinking imma walking lick That cup a do em dirty sh*t, and imma chomp his b*tch Taking shots on yo block lob a clip Since we talikn bout guns imma nigga bout ammo So you know the next bar bout Rambo and shambals I shamo
I'm good with these handles Sweet n*gga know I caught him in them sandals Ion brag bout the numbers, b*tch im real humble F*ck the numbers, cause really im the real trouble In 1 year what you did, b*tch I did double You need a real team and y'all need a real huddle Get on my grown man and talk to em Just some cloth talk, what yo cloth doing
This is my party This Is my party This is my party, I'm 'bout to do the most here This is my party, I bought all the smoke here This is my party, I'm 'bout to make a toast here THC levels off the Rictor, God give strange shoulda rolled it in a scripture Liquor and a Barq, that's a hell of a mixure Thought it was the main bitch, oops, it's her sister
She was just layin' there, I picked her up to twist her Somebody said, "Put my weed down, mister" This is my party, I can do the most here Excuse my French but I think they playin' french I think I smell sour, that's a hell of a stench This is my party, fly clothes and feet wet Dancin' like Pam from Total and you should be here This is my party, I'm actin' like the hoes here
This is my party, I bought all the smoke here This is my party, I'm 'bout to make a toast here Thank y'all for comin' out It's all on me so the drinks ain't runnin' out Spot's Jam packed but it's just right It looks like tonight's gonna be one of them haze and kush nights Yeah, I'm doin Yak shots, avoidin' the snapshots I ain't tryin to take flicks, I'm lookin' for back shots
P-O-L-O down, bucks on with the ascot All from the sponsors, imagine what the cash got You ain't promised tomorrow, this could be your last stop Hit the dance floor, get on somethin' wit' ass shots And I ain't tryin' to front, nigga, but I can do whatever I want, nigga 'Cause... So fresh and so clean like I'm OutKast No Promethazine just the wax and the scout pack
And I got the dab rigs, never did it average I speak and these bitches repeat like its an ad-lib Call my man up on the phone, we got it madly, we listenin' Some freak pulled her asshole out, kissin' it Girls scouts up in the air, some niggas piffin' it Then I put the phone to the crowd, told 'em listen in Then I pulled the phone back down, told to vision it Say he'd be there in a minute, could I get him in?
In the middle, two bitches like Malcolm And you ain't got the answer, ain't wrong though, ayy She put my dick in her mouth, bro, ayy Told this lil' mommy, "Might fuck it up", hey Feel like Mike Tyson, I uppercut Got bad bitch in my room with a bubble butt, ayy Nigga, I feel like Anita Told that bitch I do not need her, huh
We sold our blunt out to speaker You are weak, nigga, don't hit me for feature Telling you, niggas couldn't ease me They lost, sometimes I make beef Your ho made movie like, "Rikyu" Walk past you niggas like I do not see you A.1., I got all the sauce, ayy Do not try and double cross
That's on the gang, we'll lay shit down Yeah they say I'm kinda famous now A couple bands really ain't shit now Yeah they say I'm kinda famous now, ayy A couple bands what I'm used to I just hit a milly on the YouTube I'm only in it for the benefits Started poppin', now I'm fuckin' with this stripper bitch
Got the draco in the seat when I'm in the car I'm goin' hard for my brothers on the prison yard Yeah, I heard that pussy got mileage All these bitches wanna fuck 'cause I'm shinin' Ayy, hella gold with the diamonds Yeah I got hella gold with the diamonds That's on the gang, we'll lay shit down Yeah they say I'm kinda famous now
A couple bands really ain't shit now Yeah they say I'm kinda famous now, ayy Famous Amos, smokin' cookie And my baby mama hatin', tryna jugg me I didn't come into this game to be famous, ayy Speak the truth but they say I'm armed and dangerous, ayy Never ever ever ever been average And the judge tryna throw the book at me
Al Bundy with the love, no marriage Country nigga, cornbread and cabbage, ayy Snootie Wild this, Snootie Wild that Please get up off my dick, ayy, ayy He done done this, he done done that But a nigga still gettin' rich, ayy Yeah I got my city lit now My gang walk around like we the shit now
I'm gettin' money, I ain't savin' hoes I bet they never thought they'd hear me on the radio If you want a problem I'll give them that You know I'm in the hood where the members at Bands off the rap shit, yeah it's callin' She tryna link up but I'm stallin' Jumped in the game broke, now I'm scorin' Now it's trophies on my neck in the morning
I've been makin' big moves, yeah You've been fuckin' mad dudes, why you fuckin' mad dude? Is it 'cause I'm makin' money like your dad do? While you suckin' random niggas like a vacuum I don't know why she went into the bathroom But I know what this motherfuckin' cash do Sweet like a Pop-Tart, don't take it to heart Play it cute, that's smart, I don't need your chart
I don't need your part, I just need to smoke I just, Rico, calm down Bitch I'm charged up! Bitches wanna beef, get you burnt up, I am the best, bar none And I'm screamin', "Fuck Trump! Black girls, stand up!" Bitch I'm nasty, and I don't give a fuck like, what is classy? Smokin' on cat pee and my voice is raspy I know these hoes can't stand me
I'm a black queen in a black coupe With some black niggas in some black suits If you run up on us, then they gon' shoot I don't really care what you kids do Gang! I don't really care what you bitches do! Woah! I'm that bitch, shawty, who are you? Bitch I'm nasty, bitch I'm nasty Agh, bitch I'm nasty, bitch I'm nasty
Um, Rico! Your boyfriend, be pressing me Your ex nigga, be pressing me Even your friends Stressin' me, you pressing me Don't call my phone, stop textin' me Can't offer me protection, weak ass nigga, don't carry no heat Walkin' with a tool on me, like it's cool on me
Know I got that ruler on me, I could school ya homie Uh, why these bitches mad at Rico? Get your baby mama, she got deep throat Hey, shoot my shot like a free throw Designer book bag, full of pre-rolls I got your boyfriend inhalin' my weed smoke He buy me the shit he couldn't get you though Um, haha, he couldn't get it for you though
Ice on my wrist, that's snow cone Even your friends Come and get your man sis, come and get your man sis Come and get your man sis, come and get your man sis I ain't gonna bust his bubble, I'ma let him spend on me If I'm actin' stuck up he gon' spend more money This shit too easy, nigga I ain't no dummy You said you ain't got a bitch but who's that callin'?
You be pocket watchin' but it's nothin' in your pockets My neck, my wrist, my teeth on hockey You be pocket watchin' but it's nothin' in your pockets My life look like a movie so I know that they be watching If you don't get the bigger picture, then you need to crop it Beefing on the internet, in person, wanna squash it Riding in a spaceship, going fast like a rocket Every time I post a picture, they make me the trending topic
They hate me then they love me and it ain't no way to stop it Some people say I'm ugly and some people say I'm gorgeous I know that I am stubborn, cause my sign is a Taurus Hot just like the summer and my money is enormous Smoking Key Lime OG, I got green like a forest It must be a bummer, know you wanna come and join us I don't wanna listen to your problems, cause they aren't important I am so unbothered, somewhere swimming in the tropics
Beverly, Beverly Hills, Beverly, Beverly I'm 'boutta live in the Beverly Hills, Beverly, Beverly Hills Beverly, Beverly Hills, Beverly, Beverly Yeah, lemmi' give it to 'em one time Give it to 'em two times, give it to 'em, okay I'm tryna' live a life with money, cars, get hella' paid Jacuzzi boozin,' I'm loosin' my mind in every way Bugatti cruisin,' we boolin' right on the interstate
Versace branded, you know that I'm 'boutta kill the scene White and black everything, lookin' just like a movie screen We ballin' up, spendin' racks on a single cart Mama' livin' next door, yeah, we goin' far Martin Lane in this bitch, yeah, we shut it down Boutta' own the whole block, like a triple crown Lifestlye on point, you gon' read about it I'mma paper chaser, right behind that loose leaf
I'mma money maker, gettin' all the roupies I got brothers, I got fam,' no groupies And my baby's booty lookin' pretty juicy You'll see me livin' in the Hills on the highest peak When you partyin' with us, everything is free Got a vision, got a goal, got a pipe dream See we hustlin' forreal, just me and my team I'm gettin' hotty, they thinkin' that I'm Illuminati
"Alright, you kids, stop having so much fun, move along!" Oh they'd arrest me, you know, especially at night They had a curfew, niggas had to be home at 11, negros, 12 And you'd be trying to get home, doing your crew runs And they'd always catch you out in front of a store or something 'Cause you'd be taking shortcuts, right Cops, "Ree, put your hands up, black boy!" The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot- The cops shot the kid The cops shot the kid, the cops shot- I don't wanna hurt nobody We just came here to party See a few dames, exchange some names I'm a top shotta, kid, stay in your lane The cop shot the kid, same old scene
Pour out a little liquor, champagne for pain Slap-boxin' in the street Crack the hydrant in the heat Cop cars on the creep Doin' they round-ups, we just watch for the sweep Yeah, it's hotter than July It's the summer when niggas die It's the summer when niggas ride
Together we'll be strong, but forever we divide So y'all are blowin' my high Type of shit that's killin' my vibe White kids are brought in alive Black kids get hit with like five Get scared, you panic, you're goin' down The disadvantages of the brown How in the hell the parents gon' bury their own kids
Not the other way around? Reminds me of Emmett Till Let's remind 'em why Kap kneels I still hear him scream Stay tuned up and down your timeline This fake news, people is all lyin' Money is bein' made when a mom cries Won't be satisfied 'til we all die
Tell me, who do we call to report crime If 9-1-1 doin' the driveby? It's certain things I can't abide by I ain't bein' extreme, this is my side Talkin' big shit, ready to die I know every story got two sides Claimin' he paranoid by the black guy Cop wanna make it home by nighttime
This is like...one of those songs...that are just... Pointless My name PeeKraZy I am so crazy, so crazy, so crazy I feel amazing, amazing, amazing Trap I put on your girl on the map She-She make the booty clap
Damn, her titties in my haaaannnnddd Look at the switch up Boy you choking, lil' boy got the hiccups Work on your P's, you need a pop filter 2018, we wildin' with my niggas I fucked your bitch, ain't no mistake Your bitch a squirrel, I nut on her face Step up your game, you lil' disgrace
Your momma told me that you need to stay in your lane Fuck out my face Fuck out my face Fuck out my face, cause i didn't crash My name PeeKraZy I am so crazy, so crazy, so crazy I feel amazing, amazing, amazing Trap
I put on your girl on the map She-She make the booty clap Damn, her titties in my haaaannnnddd Look at the switch up Boy you choking, lil' boy got the hiccups Work on your P's, you need a pop filter 2018, we wildin' with my niggas I fucked your bitch, ain't no mistake
I forgot how it go, I gotta get my phone YS on the beat White gold Philippe, put da cash on it Bought a new Jeep, put da cash on it Got 100 B's, got 100 C's Got 100 P's, got 100 G's Human rights on me, that's a bumble bee 36 on me, that's another key
Bitch look fine, that's another fee Lil' bitch flee, who the fuck is she? I ain't next to y'all, got a check I ball Ass real fat, dat cholesterol White gold Philippe, put da cash on it Bought a new Jeep, put da cash on it Where dat ass fat, put da cash on it I be snapped up, I be strapped up
I will find you No matter where you run and hide I will find you I really wanna get away from myself, away from this hell You know, smoke from the barrel, smoke from the shell Suicide ain't just a gun and a smell It can take any form when the darkness prevails Sometimes it rebuilds against you
Wanna keep fuckin' up Then it probably will let you Psychologically, you ain't preparin' your mental Obviously, you ain't all there, so forgetful More than a handful, I'm lost in my own world It's better to stay here 'cause we're not the same Light up a candle, exhausted, my throat hurt I will not engage fear while lockin' this brain
Sift through the pain Pray for me, I don't come around, walk with my head down in shame To be 'round those who ain't as me, you're not the same as me I don't have nothin' to say, you just ain't for me I go from A to B, I handle buisness Then it's back to the lab in an instant If I don't call back, it's all bad, forget it I'm known to fall back 'til I bounce back, I admit it
I guess I'm just different I'm determined to get it I will find you, ain't no rest for the wicked My asylum will decide when I'm in it I will go the distance I really wanna get back to myself I'm detached from myself, got people like what happened Terrell? Feelin' like 50 percent of my follicles died in yours then I isolate right back in that cell
'Cause that's where my soul happens to dwell Life's supposed to be heavenly, let me see, half of it's hell There's two sides to me like I be whippin' there's a demon in me as an angel on the passanger, well I'm takin' the wheel, then I'mma block the traffic And I'm losin' my passion, got writer's block, what happened? Usually got energy to write a lot, I'm slackin' Sick of the industry niggas, they write me off like taxes Omaha, Nebraska, niggas tellin' me the city mine
But they don't feel me 'cause I'm winnin' so they look at me like killin' time Double sided, should have been a gemini And niggas think my life is sweet but really, it's tequila with no lemon lime But really i'm a rebel like a million time I'm over with this And thinkin' never my soul existed But maybe we never coexisted Got me lookin' for myself door to door like a Jehovah's Witness I'm never present, I got a lump of coal for Christmas
She don't wanna see the niggas til' we make it right All wanna see the rollie let me flip it up She don't wanna zip the people, now she feelin' dope Suck at flirting, no she heading to her place and cry When I roll up she won't hold up Cuz I dont hold up cuz she be trippin' All I roll up she gone roll up Cuz I been flexin' And we be fuckin'
Vers 1 Have some trouble say my name, I'm just sayin' When I met her in the club, she be leavin' Never seen a distant girl like you, an hour late Until I said I was a rapper with shady a name Shawty wanna fake, and you dont even levitate Drumming with my people, never even saw her face She don't, wanna say, If I'm allowed to
Pardon me, DM me, I see you slide through Baby girl, I'd put that ring with the mess Until it set, she be layin' on my chest ya Put me on the list, all I wanna try Get as close to you, and maybe kiss you tight We can make it work, unless you feelin' pain Let me talk to you, or I will take the blame She don't wanna see the niggas til we make it right
All wanna see the rollie let me flip it up She don't wanna zip the people, now she feeling dope Suck at flirtin', no she heading to her place and cry When I roll up she won't hold up Cuz I dont hold up cuz she be trippin' All I roll up she gone roll up Cuz I been flexin' And we be fuckin' Vers 2
Now she catchin' feelings even though I lied ya Don't even think it's fair, that's the shame I feel ya Looking back and make mistakes that even reach Richest people in this world, that's the way I see Richest peoples world, let me help you to be true All them people same, you the difference, you love you Trynna get along, calling you, where yo phone Clubbing all the night, let me fix the drink right
That's the way I like, baby you're my sunshine sunshine That's the way I like, baby you're my sunshine okey, go She so good at what she do, Imma make a move Pullin' up my phone, what's your number, can we talk Bitches, feelings, nigga I ain't fuckin' with a fake You better tell me soon if you don't really feel the date no
Goodbye, goodbye Goodbye Goodbye, goodbye To all the artificial people in my life I never wanted you around me, so be on your way Now that I finally got a name, all the sudden you wanna stay Now everybody wants to come around me, be down and be my homie, right? Now everybody rides my shit like I got a fucking dick, right?
But I know who's got my back and who's been here the entire time I got my own family behind me and we're ready to fight I'm so sorry, I'm not that bitch that you wanted me to be I'm so sorry, it took me this long to finally see I'm just your prisoner held captive, how I long to be free It's gone, it's non-existent, its finally deceased Love died inside of you and then you killed it in me To all the artificial people in my life
I never wanted you around me, so be on your way Now that I finally got a name, all the sudden you wanna stay Now everybody wants to come around me, be down and be my homie, right? Now everybody rides my shit like I got a fucking dick, right? But I know who's got my back and who's been here the entire time I got my own family behind me and we're ready to fight Mommy, daddy, look what you've done to me I'm so broken, I'm so hopeless all because you never believed in me
You're so blind you can't see, so I scream "fuck your God" Fuck your cross, I think for myself, I'm not lost or brainwashed But there's a war inside my heart between the two things that I want But "I could never have both" is what I've always been taught So I gotta be strong, I gotta keep moving on No more sad songs, I shoulda stayed alone all along Try and realize, understand my sight I've had a rough fucked-up life, but he came along and opened my eyes
Can you show me the world outside When you're not with me? I feel like I'm dead inside When you're not with me I just don't know why you're wasting your time with me I'm a nightmare, do you hear me? Can you show me the world outside I feel like I'm dead inside
Saw you away last week Seem you really care what you feel Don't know what to say But I love today I love your lips, the way they make me feel inside Describe the way when you're away feels like I die Move your hips and play with your hair Smoke the tree and blow up the air
I can't talk to you, though I can't talk to you, though Tonight I wanna see your eyes Move past the love and the stupid lies Let me love you like you're Juliet Oh oh oh-oh Be my Juliet Sneak out like a silhouette
And I kiss all on your neck Make you roar all over me Maybe I don't really know what to say to you But you make up some point and so are you Baby, will you be my Juliet? Oh oh oh-oh Oh oh oh Oh oh
Yeah, they see me cookin' up the beats like a saute They gon' smell it in the air, comin' this a-way I be out here everyday, ain't no time to play They gon' love me down south, screamin' ole One time, two times, and you know it's jay Got me spittin' in the mic,' just another day 'bout to bury all these rappers like the fifth of May I'mma legend in the makin,' call me Cassius Clay
I'mma stun the whole world like some novacane I ain't no villain, I don't wanna' hear you call me Bane Clear vision, I know when to stay right in my lane Boutta' pass it all down like a surname Ah yeah, got me cookin' with the stove on Full blast on the track through the whole song Goin' wide, you don't wanna' see me go long Goin' right is so wrong, yeah
I got the bass with the beef like some nice steak Got the hats real crisp like a fresh cake Got the snare with the pop like some corn flakes You would think my favorite thing to do is fuckin' bake Got my shoes on, Hoopla, get it right Ballin' up, we on fire like some dynamite See me doin' my own thing, I don't really care You would think that I'm a bum with all the long hair
Designer Beats Swipe to the left, swipe to the right Swipe to the left and swipe to the right Swipe to the left, swipe to the right Someone sucked my dick That shits alright! Crazy hypnotist Keeping me up all night
Swipe to the left Swipe to the right Swipe to the left Swipe to the right Act so bright, Russians might But I still like when she fucks my mate Mike Shout out to my main, MoneyRhy$ All fucking night I've been high as a kite
I just had to let you know you're mine Just lay with me, waste this night away with me You're mine, I can't look away, I just gotta say I just had to let you know you're mine Running circles 'round my mind Even when it's rainy all you ever do is shine You on fire, you a star just like Mariah Man this feel incredible, I'll turn you into a bride, you're mine
Hands on your body, I don't wanna waste no time Feels like forever even if forever's tonight Just lay with me, waste this night away with me You're mine, I can't look away, I just gotta say Mine, oh Hands on your body, you're mine, mine Ooo Hands on your body, I don't wanna waste no time
It gets harder by the night Hop up out of fright Harder by the day goes by It gets harder by the night Hop up out a fright Harder by the day goes by, yeah All these motherfuckin lies, I'm so tired of being All these motherfuckin lies, I'm so tired of being
I'm so tired of being Of this life that I life is so fake I know this body in me It's feeling naughty It wanna dream free It wanna be so... You can't feel me Hop up out of fright
Harder by the day goes by Hop up out a fright Harder by the day goes by, yeah Sliding in the whip with the god damn A-Team They don't know the kid been following the dream If I sip and I sip, I might fall like a king The night's so haze, and the stars in the phaze They don't wanna know how it goes in the boat
I'm just riding with the team All these fuckers know me When I'm speeding in the lane They don't wanna sip the drank Baby I know I live so dang Well life in the vain, yeah! Way back in the A-Team days I don't wanna say your name but I'm running away for the fame
Laze...Don I thought she was looking for him but it seems that she wants me I see she got a man but she loves me Falling for both sides like a seesaw Give me a break, what is a recess? I gave you my all you putting him first I give you a call you calling him next I gave you my heart his giving you cheques
But everything is gonna be what it is And then we gonna do best what we do I'm not tryna be the guy who's breaking you I just wanna know that you want me too Ko kan ran ti... Mo fe ko kan ran ti ni... ...Stay! and it's all good Tell me what is love if it's not you
You tell me that you trust but it's not true You blaming what you did but it's just cruel Maybe I was truly not enough Lately, I've been giving all I got Hate me then it means that our love is lost Embrace me, 'cos i can't hate you...no not enough I swear that I miss you die Probably even gone but I need to try
Money on my mind so I hurt you Yes, I was always on my grind so baby girl I lost you Not to claim sey me...me I no fear Many other girls but I swear dem no near Trust the boy fit play ludo too But you were playing yourself...Sudoku So just... Shey you see.....she wan dey play me
I got red blue green and orange from my fucking height Im just crusing in my rover tryna grind thru towa night Im just banging for my niggas crusing lower than a limo\ I got ice I got light, I got lean all in my sprite I got console just like beemo but a nigga tryna fight Run up on Yung Goblin get to fucking spazzing broken lights Like a clubbin in this beamer we done packed a foreign tight Im not tryna pull the trigger but he tried my fucking life
Ain't no killer w no trigger so i gotta I just might Leave a nigga turn to spilla ain't no fuckin w the dealer Im just banging for moola i dont eat no fuckin dinner I got white, I got cheese, feelin subway in the trap I got killers with them straps, Flow a nigga like a tap Im just tryna make this cash fore I blowup like a mite I stay posted in off white I got C's I rep the club
I got different colors shining from my head down to my bite I got red blue green and orange from my fucking height Im just crusing in my rover tryna grind thru towa night Im just banging for my niggas crusing lower than a limo All this pour up in my liver got me leaning on my skrilla I dont need to pop a xanny I done popped a percocet And I put that on my set Leave a nigga drippin sweat
Fine blessings Do you get to the Cloud District very often? Oh, what am I saying, of course you don't Oh, it took years, but I earned my way to the top I own Chillfurrow Farm, you see? Very successful business, obviously But this is all probably a bit over your head I'm married to myself
Married to myself Married to myself Married to my money Married to my Jarl Married to my money I'm Kanye I've spent many years giving money Time to prepare some more records
We must keep faith in ourselves, and the Divines A ruler is entitled to luxury, don't you think? If I had my way, I'd spend all my time at parties And none of it dealing with the common rabble I've a mountain of people back in Cloud District Shit, look, it never stops Know any tales of legit shit? I'm keen to record them
I simply prefer quality house parties Just check in the guests and the coin We're all very great Is it good fortune? The blessings of the Divines? Who knows? But the truth of it is, I'm- Out of my way Work? I demand the Jarl's backside Jarl, Jarl's backside
That's usually where he stuffs himself these days Not a day goes by I don't fuck wenches Chillfurrow Farm, you see? Very successful business Even when any other farm in the Hold is barely by But the truth of it is, I'm- Why? Because I'm a proud rich woman indeed Because it's true
I'm tryna find a way I'm outchea grindin' on 'em everyday I'm tryna find a way 'Cause nigga I got bills to pay Fuck these haters always in my face I gotta get 'em out the way Nigga flexin' on 'em everyday And that's the reason why they hate
Why they hate, why they hate, why they hate And that's the reason why they hate I'm gettin' money on 'em anyway Give a fuck what a nigga say I'm just dodgin' penitentiary Tryna keep the police out my face Everyday I'm on a paper chase I'm outchea grindin' on 'em everyday
They wonder what a nigga make Gotta keep my bidness out the way These niggas snitchin' everyday Can't be sleep I'm outchea wide awake I gotta watch out for them snakes For them snakes, for them snakes, for them snakes I gotta watch out for them snakes Gotta make sure all my niggas straight
Mafie, woah, stii c-am diamante, frate Mafie, woah, stii ca pun rime pe foaie Vreau sa fac bani, stash pe stash pe stash pe stash Vreau sa ma fac, trapper, trapper, trapper, ow yeah Hold up, racks on racks on racks on racks, yeah Vreau fac bani, bani, stash pe stash pe stash pe stash Mafie, woah, stii ca iti luam banii, cioara Mafie, woah, stii c-am diamante, frate
Den akouo Pump, skao me to Gucci Gang Mpaino sto club me to mini gun E dikia mou ekhei kolara san Dominican Apo ta Dutika sten pole De theloun na milesoun, tha milesei to pistoli, yah Pao gia to deutero Rollie Prin tes pareis Gucci phorema ten perame oloi S' auto to Gucci phorema pou phoras
Kai sto ruthmo pou apopse bradu to kormi sou kounas Ma ela pou de mporo Pleon n' antistatho S' auto to Gucci phorema pou phoras Kai sto ruthmo pou apopse bradu to kormi sou kounas Ola kala mekhri pou mpekes esu Ki apo ten ora pou se eida ekho entelos trelathei Den ein' tou goustou mou kopeles san ki esena alla
Kati ekho pathei teleutaia kai den eimai kala Mazi sou kollesa kai de mporo alle pia na skephto De se goustaro ki aporo pos mou sumbainei auto Uphos pollon kardinalion kai megalo toupet Gia xekabala to, psela ekheis parei ton amane Ekheis megale gkama thaumaston pou kanoun oura Apo mikrous tupades mekhri matsomena poura Paizeis me olous kai me ola, eipa, xeipa tous les
Kai thes na einai oi epithumies sou gi' autous diatages Ela pou de mporo Eim' ap' ten pole pou den trekhoun ma to trekhoume emeis Aima sta gonata, paidia apo khorismenous goneis Auto einai gia ola ta tsakalia pou pusharoun kila Eimai ste gura san to pharo sta peripolika Ksero pos tha 'kanes ta panta 1 lepto n' anebeis Eimai se phase pou, to xero, de m'aggizei kaneis
Man that's 2 hard ass cookies man Ay Hi! ruh ruh ruh, ruh ruh ruh , ruh ruh ruh Ay Dungeon Fellaz on the 2 hard ass cookies mother fucker! ooh.. Yeah! O
Glock Owayha AY AY AY, AY AY YEAH OWAYHA OO OO Agh
Yeah, ayy, yeah, ayy, ooh They done fucked up, bitch, and let me do me All this new Gucci , bitch, all this new Louis All these damn diamonds on my wrist shinin' like, "Oowee" I just fucked that bitch and found out that she was a groupie They done fucked up, bitch, and let me do me All this new Gucci , bitch all this new Louis All these damn diamonds on my wrist shinin' like, "Oowee"
There's a real suspicious guy, he's up to no good Rest in power, rest in paradise If I could change matters, I would spare a life 'Cause lives matter, there's clearly nothing as dear as life They say that, uh, time heals all wounds. It does not In America, one tradition that lasts Is black blood woven into the fibers o' the flag Not addressing the problems of the past
To nowhere fast, but following the path So called "leaders" on hire for the Klan Still rapin' and settin' fire to the land Well that's the climate, how can I become a man If survival is a triumph and we got the underhand? Listen: One killer, one child, one weapon The shooter was unthreatened, seventy-one seconds So many unanswered questions, I see reflections of myself
I feel like in fatherhood we are connected Too long before the shooter was arrested So wrong, worldwide, we've been affected To them it's real, sins of the father remembered still For every Trayvon Martin, there was an Emmett Till You killed my son How many more kids will we wait for them to kill? My tears collectin' like raindrops on the windowsill
Vampires all around you So sad when I found you I don't really wanna take pills just to stress you Party all night throwing up in the restroom bless you Vampires all around you So sad when I found you Party all night throwing up in the restroom Bless you
Why oh why I knew i'd never be the same I knew i'd never love again Why you so drunk Why you fucked up Why you gotta show me all this love I don't wanna fall in love again I don't wanna fall in love again
Take it from me Take it away I'm what you need Fuck what you say Party all night throwing up in the restroom Bless you Keep the devil alive that's inside of me Drugs heal pain and anxiety
Said you loved me bitch you lied to me All of these demons inside me Providing me depression and anxiety I can't see straight I'm off too many drugs Numbers in my phone and half of them my plugs I am not enough yeah I am not enough And I know this would happen you noticed that I am so broken your love isn't working for me I'm not enough
Sticking to the plan cause i promise im not just any one. Shoulda let the henny run but this way i stay focused i got skeletons in closets that i'll probably never open. I got problems piling up and several hearts that i have broken. Way to open on the mic can't take it back once i have spoken this i life that i have chosen and i live with no regrets just working hard so my own mum can live a life with no more debts... Trying to find a way to make it man,i swear its so much stress and at times i think i work too hard they tell me more is less. And id say that i agree, but this degree was such much mess 50,000 down the drain to say i went and passed the test. Close the books With open eyes several truths and no more for lies, severed too many of my ties But im used so no surprise wanna boost all of my guys. Tell lazarus we gone make it we starting off in a basement i promise will leave it vacant. So pardon me as i take it. To heights that you never seen before. Sleeples. When i started i wond3red what i was dreaming For. Now i work the hardest a part of me knows i need it more yea i need it more So yea tell em will be alright Yea tell em will be alright Still got it Yea i swear im on a roll, so tell em im coming home, ill never you leave alone. I tell it all in these songs. Im hoping that you. Will write back. Stare into the night just tell me im on the right track . last night was so real , im trynna get the whole deal , tell me i should rest up trynna let my soul heal emotions that i dont feel, tell me how that tone feel i just need some closure i dont wanna be alone still Addicted to this life i feel alright no time. Dor signing up maybe if i writwenough Think i got the midas touch
But it's alright 'cause we live it to the fullest Keep a fresh vest those bullets Doctor said that they almost lost me But I ain't goin' nowhere I'm sickin' death off me God got me so I'm never looking down Those who used to look down on me, tell 'em look now Different city every night With a mic and a stage, having the time of my life
And I know I got wounds to amend But everyone heals for his self in the end Plan is to win if this life is a gamble Fresh out the oven, I'm too hot to handle Blowing out candles, turn the lights out Same cycle everyday just like a bike route Long as I got my breath, I'm gonna Make a name for myself and I gotta
Set aside some time for elevating your mind Fasten up for the flight, it's such a beautiful life Long as I got my breath, I'm gonna Make a name for myself and I gotta Set aside some time for elevating your mind Fasten up for the flight, it's such a beautiful life Once again it's the man with that lyrical gem You can't say we ain't rock shows, check out the film
Had their hands to the sky, and everybody was rocking We 'bout to take flight, when? Early and often And often, this is what you came to see We in the stars quite far from your fantasy 'cause the flows touch souls like the REV Tight grips or ziplock can't handle me SkyBlew and Azon huh we blaze the Sky, writing in the clouds, sitting on the sunrise
It's ok People gon' talk or rise and the drama's gon' come It's ok People gon' talk or rise and the drama's gon' come People gon' talk, and it's ok Let 'em say what they say It's ok, I'ma see another day It's ok, ay, it's ok
Through the hurt and the pain Trouble's gon' come but it's part of the game And in due time we gon' rise and the drama's gon' come But it's ok People gon' talk, and it's ok Let 'em say what they say It's ok, I'ma see another day And it's ok, ay
My life is so good and way better Than it used to be, rap took it up a level To the best studios from freestyling on the schoolyard From nothing, to Blaze The Sky from Azon Blaze tracks, yeah, that's what we on To keep on bringing the heat on for the eons So please respond if you love it and married to hip-hop Not a cop but I'm cuffing it
We got a lifetime bond This sound so right so we can't go wrong I go hard on the track like the last leg Rap relay, pass the mic, go ahead I couldn't imagine my life without hip-hop It's like a time trial without the SPOT watch Or a b-boy without the And in due time we gon' rise and the drama's gon' come
It's ok, ay, it's ok Trouble's gon' come but it's part of the game But it's ok People gon' talk, it's ok And it's ok, ok Ay drama's gon' come, but it's ok People gon' talk, but it's ok And it's ok, ok
Ay, it's ok Yeah, it's ok I decided to speak these bars That's the only way I'ma reach these stars Teach me, God, how to walk the right path Wanna be myself, but I'm scared they might laugh Like ha, ha, ha, but it's all good Understand I can't be understood
When I play the beat and the lyrics follow Heads will roll like Sleepy Hollow Uh, they can't swallow, I said a mouthful I grab it by the horns while you're spitting out bull- Crap what you call rap, let me it Laps 'round this track, I already ran it Another planet, that's where I landed Apparently I'm a parent to
SONO LO CHEF DEL FLOW TUTTO FATTO CHIAMAMI CRACKO FRA TI SPACCO IL MIO FLOW SE FOSSE CIBO SAREBBE PIZZA NAPOLETANA SE LO FOSSE IL TUO SAREBBE PIZZA DI CRACCO TI DOPPIO TI FACCIO IO SONO IL KING TU SEI IL MIO DICK
FRATE SE PARLI SE PARTI TI FERMO E TI SCAVO UNA FOSSA SUL BEAT MA SENTI QUI SI SENTO STI QUI STI FINTI RICH CHE TI PARLANO DI COSE FALSE SOLDI CHE NON HANNO E QUALCHE STUPIDA BITCH RITORNELLO: NON CHE QUESTA COSA M'INTERESSI MOLTO
MOLTO STROFA NO NON VI GUARDO NO NON VI PARLO LI LI VI LASCIO IO SONO IN VIAGGIO TI FACCIO SCHIFO MA INTANTO PIACCIO E TU FAI SCHIFO FAI SCHIFO AL CAZZO MA QUANTO E BRUTTO CHE SEI FAI UN ERRORE LA GENTE DI COLPO SI SCORDA IL SANGUE CHE HAI SPUTATO PER LORO INSIEME AL SUDORE
The keyword is "Hotel" around here I might let her in with her phone cause she 'posed to be home and she don't tell around there What really goes down around there? We don't hear no sound around there I feel like the man in a whole different land, now imagine me in my hometown yeah I don't trust the Uber from round here They always play "Juice Back" around here You ridin' with me til it's sweet, not a problem but who's taking you back around there
Every time I she want me to buy her clothes I said girl quit all that cappin', Slime D in the studio I swear I'm tired of trappin, but baby did you get my package? You enter the slaughter house? Nah you gon' enter the Double S house I'mma show you what them racks about, that what i'm bout And I already know you wanna dig it, already know you wanna be in them trenches 30 round extensions That's what they called in the trenches
Slime boy I love to hit sum' And I go crazy bout' my bag Niggas try to flex I'll shoot him in his ass real quick And Ion give a fuck bout his mans, Slime ride round with choppas and 30 round sticks And baby did you get them bags? Cause I got a qp to play at mfin wendy's And I ain't worried bout' no Jack boy 30 round on me for them Jack boys Scope on his ass if he act up
You know the boi be thuggin hard Hoes off my dick cause im finer then that bitch Hoes off my dick cause you know he ain't no snitch You know the boi be slangin hard He be drivin em nascars He be drivin em nascars You know the boi be slangin hard Hoes off my dick cause im finer then that bitch
Man you got over a dozen albums I mean what do you feel like, or how do you feel like The game has changed from '93 'til now in your life Man the game changed 'cause it's a new wave Like if we would have come out with C.R.E.A.M. right now we never would have gotten played Because all this would have blocked it You know I mean even though it would have been dope But it's like, there's so much other stuff that's out
There's like millions of rappers now You know what I mean, back then we had to fight for our spot We had to rhyme for it, you know what I mean Like now you just go on the computer And you can do anything and you gonna get views You know what I mean, even if it's super whack You might get like 5 million views off of super whack Just something you doing stupid
My bust down be shining hard, I just paid like 50 Bitch, I got designer on, but that's just how I'm living That boy say he want some smoke, I pulled up with my blicky Blicky, blicky Bitch, I keep my blicky Damn, my left wrist shining hard, I like to watch it glisten Pull up with my diamonds on, and watch your bitch go missin' Pull up with designer on, got Gucci on my slippers
Yeah, ayy, ayy I slap a hoe if I gotta Yeah, ayy I slap a bitch if I got to, uh I slap a bitch if I got to, uh Wrist look just like water Wrist look just like water Bust down rollie I had to, uh
One-Two He got the Derringer, he got the fifth He got the Panama, he got the piff He like an animal, he got the gill He with the Sufis, and he with a bid He in his mental and physical prime He moving weight, it's not nickels and dimes He like a DAT in a digital time
Aleister Crowley and ritual rhyme Demons and nephilim virtual dream That dummy give you a verse for a bing That dummy dirty he work with the fiends You doin' nothing I'm licking a shot You ain't got nothing you piss in a pot You be in a lift and I be in the drop I be with my family, you be with an opp
Yeah, yeah, yeah Woah Yeah, yeah, yeah You been in hiding we went to your house You ran up the stairs and you left from your couch You knew he was there just to dent in your mouth You look like a rat but you dead like a mouse I was in county I went for the ride
Hopped in the whip and attempted to slide Used to be peace but the sentiment died You was a thief and the rest of you died He getting money he borrowed like bocce He moving keys just like he Liberace He nice with the hands but he good with the shotty The new projectile gonna rip through your body Out here in Philly it's cold and it's dark
Oowee, shoutout Lil Rece Gotta bitch out the east, gone cook when it's beef I'm Big Meech, no you can't compete In a pack like wolves, niggas move like sheep Never meek, talk to meek, bring a bag You come to fuck, then you leave, catch a cab Big Glock on me Big chop on me
Big drum on me Aye, make the clip go dumb on him Aye, better come correct if you come for me I know I'm what you need but what you want from me? Aye, brush a bitch off like I got sum on me Big tray and I'm bustin' like a quick stroke All them licks that you split and you still broke 10 toes, and I'm stomping like some steel toes
Cheri ou ve wouvwe mwen Me sete just on sejouw Se debu a on touw du monde Me ou pe vin eve mwen, Han An just vini bo mami si jou E di le zanmi bonjou Pakay eterniz an dou-w Me fo an vizite Axoum
An kay ji Hong Kong An ja di-w "Action !" Me le an ka St-Anne, ni de << tonton >> Ve pran mwen pou ti gason An tini enki 24 Me an ja ka vo plis ki Versace Menm si an dan le tur-fu, zo po kapte An ke toujou wouvire Castel, yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah ! An pe pa oubliye la an soti Sa ankre an lespwi mwen e an ko an mwen I'll never forget where I come from x2 I di mwen i ve vwe mwen pli pre Ke feeling an mwen fey kife Ke ba li fo an wouvire Me an ja si on dot ile
An chwazi on dot vi An poze si on dot mizi Ou pani ase foli Pou swiv mwen Es ou pare nou ka pati touswit an trip si Patong Nou ka toune a de pa bizen pist siklab, non An bizen evade pa rete pri si plas An si le depa e an pran on toupiti bagage
X2 An pe pa oubliye la an soti Sa ankre an lespwi mwen e an ko an mwen I'll never forget where I come from x2 I told you, hanhan ! I gotta go ! Cause you deserv more I can not hold you
Told that girl meet me down at Wing Stop She gon make the pain stop , imma let that thing rock Spend a few thousand bitch I may cop And I got one blotch but It keep me sane notched She hit another line I think her heart stopped And these niggas hate me cause I love it Used to ride the town with my head hanging low Now she hit my phone cause she wanna see a show
You claim its beef, better pull up to the scene! Bumbaclot! Pull up, pull up, pull up to the scene Bumbaclot! Pull up, pull up, pull up to the scene Who the fuck you say you gonna slap? You walking in my hood? You better watch ya back! I hop up in my whip, my zoes they never lack You better hope that my shooters try to mack I'm with the big dogs with the big dogs with the big dogs with the big dogs/
You rollin' with chihuahuas and my niggas more like pit bulls Oh, what happen bitch, you scared? You see I'm the creature in the nightmare that you feared You was acting tough bitch, now I don't wanna see tears Now I'm hella pissed, I want your head Please bitch don't you beg You started all that static, now that thunder at your head I been in my bag , laying getting head
You so fucking ugly talking shit up in your bed Ske! All up in Queens, baby, you see where I be! You claim its beef, better pull up to the scene! Mmm Pull up, pull up, I'm coming to the scene Run up, run up, bitch you said it's beef You was, you was talking from that screen
Shut up, shut up, bitch I'm with that heat! I'm coming for you, please get off your feet Throw them hands, you know ain't shit to see I will pop them ass shots up out your cheeks I will knock them braces out your teeth Anale, Anale! C'est la vie! Anale, Anale! C'est la vie! C'est la vie
ddaengggang burideus naneun ddo muleobwa geuman naecigo ije jom bodeumeo bwa yangaci, nabbeun namja You know I'm not that kind of guy nami naiteu gamyeon naneun baminigga jareoga sul? sen ceog? moshae hanado sul hanjan hajan mal gyang haebwassda nado But I'm half drunk, sulyi himeul ggweossji
Ay, eolguli bulgeojin geoneun suli deuleogaseo geureon geol buggeureobdageona geureon geon anya ama, ama nan oneuleul ijgeona 1bun 1codo deo mos ijgeona Let's love, deoneun mos gidarigesseo Hey love, neon bbaedo neomu bbaesseo ddaengggang burideus naneun ddo muleobwa geuman naecigo ije jom bodeumeo bwa
jan malgo nayi son jaba jan malgo nayi son jaba maenjeongsinedo nan da malhal su issneunde cwijungjindam yeojadeuleun geugeol midneunde neoneun aniraedo, mweo, amuryeom eoddae idda toman an haedo seonbangiya nan, it's okay injeonghae, nan namjadabdagoneun moshae I'll be there, eodideun naega ga, neoman isseum
Shopping rules! Shopping rules! There's fresh groceries to take to school Get chips, pasta, veggies and fruits If you're lucky you'll get new boots Get instruments to make some noise Get games, toys and clothes for boys! Get makeup and accessories Decorated with pearls!
She just wanna' fuck, I just wanna' go slay She don't wanna' talk, she just wanna' four-play Old bitches hit up my phone, baby, no way She's a runaway, so I got a new bae She just wanna' fuck, I just wanna' go slay She don't wanna' talk, she just wanna' four-play Old bitches hit up my phone, baby, no way Yeah, she got' love it when I hit it from the back, down south, tryna' locate
Yeah, ah, we can do this all night, all you gotta' do is hit me with the okay Yeah, we don't gotta' give a fuck, we just gotta' zone out what they all say Yeah, and we don't gotta' do it now, all you gotta' do is tell me, baby, no way Yeah, we can get a couple drinks, we can light a couple jays back at my place Yeah, if I'm goin' too fast we can slow it all down, go at your pace Aye, and we can do it, we can do it, I can wipe it all off with my whole face Yeah, and we don't gotta' do it now, all you gotta' do is tell me, baby, no way No way, no way
Or do mine, I'm on a true grind They was 'bout to hate a nigga like me in due time A real nigga, a trill nigga A down to get down, don't make me have to kill nigga 'Cause I will, nigga, on the real, nigga It drop tall, short, big and lil' niggas Then it drop house niggas and bill niggas So you better watch your back, we on your heel, nigga
So you best be on your toe, nigga We lay it down, real niggas and hoe niggas Layin' down his niggas and yo niggas 'Dem niggas, those niggas, anything goes, niggas Catch you at the studio or at the show, nigga Comin' out the barber shop or jewelry store, nigga At the Chevron or at the Texaco, nigga You got four niggas? You need more niggas
So bring a , maybe ten, even though, nigga And even then, nigga, you can't win, nigga Now when you tryna fuck with B-U-N, nigga I got them fresh up out the pen niggas Who don't give a fuck about goin' back in, nigga And you don't wanna know where they been, nigga And you don't want to go where they send niggas 'Cause wherever they begin, nigga
They ain't stoppin' 'til your heartbeat end, nigga So ain't no need to pretend, nigga I come around the and straight bend niggas Take that blood in the mud and make it blend, nigga Now watch the chopper slugs spin niggas Like Michael Joe Jackson singing Ben, nigga And when I check you on your chin, nigga It's R.I.P. for you, just like him, nigga
'Cause we off niggas, then we end niggas Like Frankie man down, code ten, nigga Blowin' stanky, puttin' dro up in the wind, nigga Pass the cup, I'm 'bout to pour me up some Hen', nigga They even sendin' undercover niggas That's why you gettin' stuffed up in the duffel, nigga So spy all you wanna spy, nigga And keep on tryin' all the fuck you wanna try, nigga
How she this fly so confusing Look at her lips so juicy Look at that ass, so woop-di Scoop, while your bitch is looking all poppy Yea I been broke for a while, but a nigga made moves off a broken screened laptop Don't care about a Lil Bitch cause she for the guap then she gone. She a thot thot New Bae looking all fine and she rocking some shine and she be my mascot Keeping it real, I ain't popping no pill, no molley no percs, that mask off
Really getting fucked up, she really got me locked up I don't know how to act, she don't know who I am When I rise up the sky Give her my life I'm probably gonna die, so I tell her goodbye She don't care if I'm alive I don't care if I die Kill me slowly baby, I promise I won't fucking cry X2
Keep your mouth shut You know I am chasing loot Broke nigga stay back you are actin' a fool I am staing with my srew Who is u? u are nothing watch out dude, I am coming I'll break ya, u so noodle, better hide, I got no mood now Pull up on ur block Gang gang, shootin' at the opp
With AKA, fuckin' on your bitch She a thot We got the connect got the plug Niggas trappin' out the bando They don't care about 12 Sellin' blocks like everythere Now they pull up in a Panamara, they pull up aiming for nothing I am turn up into something
I am making my way from the bottom Sometimes I am smoking GELATO Who is u? who is u? I don't know about you I got a jump on you My trap doing numbers, now I got whole lotta followers I got a side ho, yeah yeah I gotta get two yeah yeah Ice up on me, yeah yeah but who is u Who is u?
Mix so I can go crazy Hey jockey! Jockey, please DJ Pick up the phone, call a radio station Tell 'em your choice, have no hesitation Say, "I wanna dance, would you play my song?" So I can do my thing, do it all night long 'Cause I like to rock, and I love to roll
When you play a fresh mix, I lose control Heartbreak, the Electric Boogie Got so big it became a movie Breakin' on the streets, spinnin' on the ground I'm not gonna try, because I don't know how So come on DJ, let's rock the house A fresh mix from you and I'll turn it out Because one-on-one, or by myself
I'm gonna rock the house, like no one else So don't miss a beat, that'll make me late Say rock the beat because I want to go crazy 'Cause I wanna go, 'cause I wanna go crazy 'Cause I wanna go, 'cause I wanna go crazy Rock Rock Now look at that girl, she can dance
Freeway We have been at many times, under much stress Since being brought into this country On many, many slave ships Preparations, reparations from segregation Genius at Genesis, master system SEGAs Punjabi mommy, dissecting Vedas on Sepulveda Anointed players who coin phrases, that's metal paper
Level layers, several shades of grey and submission for it MILF lover under silk covers who kiss her horses Pilates central to preservin' the body temple Jazz classics combatin' the fattest ass, status Quotient; my potions soakin' like boats in oceans Motion sickness, I overdid all my finesse pack Multidecker, new refreshment, lessons from jet snacks My momma wisdom, my competition is setbacks
Jetlaggin', very swaggered, my Jordans dirty AMG performance, my foreign don't show no mercy Mere products, objects, meaningless to the over-standers Contemplatin' with industrialists and social planners Manillas! Don't ruin us, don't ruin us, don't ruin us God said Life's work, overseeing the Five Classics You can accomplish anything if you survive blackness
Sober living, Kosher kitchen, and co-defendants Soda sippin', the soca rhythms, and global vision Fear no verdict, but I feel allergic to local prisons My new resurgence, a due return into socialism Youth moves pay dividends as an old man Snake-headed Mayan goddess body with gold hands Father sins, send his twins into the underworld Though legendary, I weapon carry for same goals
My February's is necessary to save souls Epilepsy diamonds flicker foolish on the cuff wrist Do my duty to be useless to the fuck shit Manufacture finished goods to service local needs Dashboards lack the means to show my total speeds Fast forward florists forge orchids to go with me Construct the future with thirty bars Long tenures, I'm returning home to dirty cars
Jasmine necklace from a poor woman on Hindu streets I gave her Rupees, she gave me beauty, I temple creep Manillas Don't ruin us, don't ruin us, don't ruin us God said Roman logic, Greek prophets, and add tutors B-more young'ns, they 12 o'clock, and then jump the scooters Through entertainment, I end the training to run the future Anton Chekhov my checkouts, too much for your computers
Chakra waves, singin' bowls, stirring, I'm Dalai Lama Creation, step in my mental selection Bobby Konders Nightmare women, dream girls, and body monsters Don't confuse my temptation battles for batty mantras Sole pilot til' my reputation is bodhisattva Word to Botticelli saw Venus in this topless opera Lost the combination need security to come and pop-a-lock'a Still no drinkin', just bought this champagne here to watch this vodka
Punk band merchandise patches on leather coats Tell you tales of illegal sales by fetid boats Swallowed by waves, the hollow graves, they'll never float Sunken ships carried slaves, tokens to western coasts Copper alloy bracelet forms were recognized and used for currency As transactions from the end of 15th century to the mid 20th century Their metal content varied from copper to brass Most Manilla were manufactured in England or France
And like trade beads, were used for trades with Africa The local chiefs on the slave coast of West Africa traded their human cargo For many different commodities and the Manilla was one of them This Manilla was manufactured in Birmingham between 1830 and 1850 Was being shipped to Africa to be bartered for one slave, each Manilla These slaves were then packed into hulls of ships And taken to the West Indies and the Americas To be sold for vast profits if they did not die from the journey
Oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, eeee-ilati Oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, oubiluminaty, eeee-aye When I go to the Illuminati, I see the Illuminati official They say, " , whistles." And I say, "When did I tell you you could say whistle, with my penis?" Oh, but when I see, "The popper." He goes, "Oh no," and he's Oubiluminaty, they always see me
When the love you know slips away But all I know is that too much is not enough And that's why you the one I hold onto Good poison love Ahh-ahh-ahh A sorry's not easy to change When the love you know slips away But all I know is that too much is not enough
Tryna ride through the gate Push away all the hate Bitch this is your fate Be pushin deflect and negate Home boys tryna narrate This people be burnin This workers be earnin These haters be chirpin
Up into the past bitch You should of asked bitch Yall can hear me at last bitch Wait a minute lets get to the point Catch me up in the water Pull up like a shark and im gonna slaughter And miss i just fucked your daughter So i know im goin on need money sell like a pawn
Treat it like italy bitch i am the don See ya later poof im gone Course: Tryna ride through the gate Push away all the hate Bitch this is your fate Be pushin deflect and negate Home boys tryna narrate
Sometimes when you take a shot you might miss it When this beat gonna drop you might miss it When this heat turns up you might miss it So go ahead and cheat you will miss me When i put out a tweet you might miss it Get to the hot seat we might miss it All these bitches be wishin they didn't miss it Pulling up and goin up showin up and flowin up
Take a another shot you might miss it Tryna copy my flow you might get bit Oh shit she be shakin them tits Next night i found out she cheated I think for a while cause it got me heated Fuck this relationship i dont need it Course: Sometimes when you take a shot you might miss it
I can't tie a shoelace Always last place In Mario Kart Someone drank all my juice I dropped my orange and It bruised I'm sad, I'm sad everyday Sad everyday, I dropped my phone and It broke I dropped my Xbox and It broke I'm sad, yeah, boo hoo
I zelele bi sve samo da budu ta I cuo sam u gradu danas, svi je vole Jer lepa je, pametna i bogata A jedini ja nemam pojma ko je ona I nije da za nju sad cujem prvi put A nudili su mi svi njen broj telefona A ne bi' bio ja kad ne bi' ostao kul A trebace mi fora, o yeah
Kad vidim kako prema meni hoda sad I trebace mi fora, o da Jer veruj mi da ova mi je najbolja I superstar, ona je superstar I superstar, ona je superstar Pravi superstar, ona je superstar U-la-la-la-la, u-la-la-la-la U-la-la-la-la, u-la-la-la-la
Yeah, ouh, u-la-la-la-la I nije da za nju sad cujem prvi put A nudili su mi svi njen broj telefona A ne bi' bio ja kad ne bi' ostao kul A trebace mi fora, o yeah Kad vidim kako prema meni hoda sad I trebace mi fora, o da Jer veruj mi da ova mi je najbolja
Like they, like they Like they used to Like they, like they Like they Used to give a fuck about some shots in my direction Now I can't see no opps I guess this penthouse is a blessing But when you stay on top the bottom niggas be so jealous I used to sit and wait until I folded under pressure
Used to chill with gang on Largo road down with the extras Until I flipped the sides its got me feeling ambidextrous I used to give a fuck about your feelings in my message Now I don't even care I didn't bother just to send it like I Used to Like they used to Like they Used to be so close until I hit you with the distance
But you was going for it I could never see resistance That shit was on my neck I shouldve acted more persistant Relation like an album why our life was inconsistent I never gave you time of day just like I used to I dont wanna give impression that I used you I stopped calling I stopped texting more than usual I think that you're better off without me baby do you Cuz in my life I'm used to backstabs and betrayals
Yeah, that's what I rep and I will pluck you like some nose hair Never met a Loc that was thuggin' more than I am That bitch wanna fuck me 'cause the blue check on my 'Gram I told that bitch she gotta blow me first or she can't get nan Boolin' on the block with five niggas, make it six, man I can't forget the Glock that I'm holdin' in my right hand I wish a pussy nigga run up on me, make him float, man He did not know I had the semi-auto in the coat, man
Ayy, usually I'm wettin' niggas up like the Pope, man But if that nigga lucky, I might murk his ass with both hands Pop inside a pussy nigga dreams like the Sandman And murk him where he lay like a mothafuckin' death bed Free Tay-K up out that fuckin' jam while you can, bitch Before another nigga end up dead up in that jail, quick Your bitch a little hoe, I get that check and then I go VV's on my neck when my bitch slidin' down that pole
I just got that , then I shot him in his dome Nigga, I been trappin', I been breakin' in your home These niggas say they trappin', but cannot afford a phone Bitches call my phone and I'm tellin' 'em, "Leave me 'lone" I just wanna smoke some gas, they see me, they go home I remember bein' caught in a cell, that shit was cold And I didn't give 'bout shit, but stackin' money, fuckin' hoes And if a cop talkin' shit, everywhere he say a joke
You pussy niggas like a piece of cake and I'm about to levitate .40 on my waist and I'ma let it break She drink on my dick like a shake, wait She lovin' the taste, I don't give a fuck Finessin' the plug and I run it up Playin' the game and I know the glitch Dumb thot, I don't wanna love you, bitch
Never backed down a step I am fighting them back Like a phoenix,im rising from ash Got no weakness,A mic and the cash Gotta feed this with weed from my stash I was still bleeding,Now healin my gash Keep on proceeding,Im smokin that hash Until i am feeling like everyone else
Theres days where i feel like a book on the shelf Theres days where i can't even look at myself The chase,Im on it till the ring of the bell Fuck it,Im anyway goin trough hell Hook x2 : Never backed down a step I am fighting them back Like a phoenix,im rising from ash
Got no weakness,A mic and the cash Hook x2 : I am sleepless at night When i blaze and i write Thats the sweetness of life Damn the shrink and his drugs i should try Rather smoke and drink till i die I only flow and rap on my vibe
Coke, dope, smoke pills My block, we got everything Bootleg phones, computers Cars, hoes, cameras Welfare cards, everything Let's go He's on that East shit, yeah, specifically New York Niggas know he rhyme well, but he don't like to talk
He don't like foul shit, and rap is like ball Hit you with the hawk if I ain't got the fourth Hit you with the Gemstar if I ain't got the hawk From the land of the lost, where we in and outta court Shoot shit like it's a sport, niggas hustle from them shores Keep the hammer in your parka, if you parked by the court I'm on the back block, then it's layin' on the porch 'Cause I'm probably drunk as shit, when I'm sippin' on the quart
Lil' homie got the burner, and he'll let that shit scorch We don't give a fuck, you would swear we was raised wrong Momma did good, but I need that money yay-long Homie got a key flip, homie got a lick line All I need's a mask and a scale, I'ma get mine Sittin' in that six, lookin' big time, nigga My block, we got everything, shit remind you of Walmart My block, we got everything, shit remind you of Walmart
Tell my secrets to my dog, I never heard a dog talk Tell my secrets to my dog, I never heard a dog talk Nina throw a couple at you, still I love my eight shot Pistol at the dice game, bet I make the bank stop Razor in my North Face, thirty-eight under my tank top Homicide rate gon' rise the same day that this tape drop I ain't have a car, smokers tried to sell me a car part On Instagram, they postin' hard, meet 'em and they talk soft
It's 1AM, I just jumped out the shower It's 2AM, gotta go get some sour It's 3AM, the club still open It's 4AM, I'm drunk and I'm still smokin' It's 5AM, I hit a bitch on camera It's 6AM, she went and got me a sandwich It's 7AM, I get up advantage It's 8AM, I got some shit to manage
It's 9AM, meetings with the hammer It's 10AM, I caught a duffle lick Me too, can't talk no money, if you ain't get it yet Never speak about what we doin', if you ain't did it yet Fuck your opinion on how we livin', if you ain't live it yet Do you know what time it is, tell me do you know? Do you know what time it is, it's time to get the dough They say time is money, that's the only time I know
If you ain't talkin' money, then it's time for you to go Do you know what time it is, tell me do you know? Do you know what time it is, it's time to get the dough They say time is money, that's the only time I know If you ain't talkin' money, then it's time for you to go Day time, I'm with the homies, I'm in the juice bar Night time, I'm in the lab, I'm gettin' loose y'all Wrong time, I put a blade right through y'all
Right time, I give a hug and throw the deuce y'all Life time, keepin' it real and bein' too hard They time, it's keepin' it fake and bein' too soft My time, always is trill, I keep it true, God Day time, I'm with my daughter gettin' my father on Night time, linin' up niggas, gettin' my barber on Wrong time, middle of the summer with a parka on Right time, my man want it cheaper, I probably bargain for him
I want my old man to retire,So i need to rise I was a stupid kid,I never followed his advise But maybe one day i can pay it back and make it right When youre young they tell you that your future will be bright Hook x2 : Sometimes i can't tell what is wrong and what is right Sometimes i balance on a rope between the black and white Sometimes im standing at my window,staring in the night
Don't she my number one Havin' fun Where you been all day? yeah Tell me where you been all day Got a shawty and she peng, she my number one The pussy stank, havin fun Where you been all day? yeah where you been Tell me where you been all day
She out of this world, she out of {?] Everyone chasin' and racin' I'm watching my pace Rabbit never wins the race Just need time to plead my case So I wait all day, write these songs Therapeutic, you can't say I'm wrong Got a shawty she the one
But bitch, I'm with you But bitch, I'm with you Okay, thank you, Azizi's what you don't say Payin' all your meals and your bills and that Dolce Girl you broke as hell but you sexy, you a leech, bae There's no way that you'd survive in the streets, bae You don't hear me talkin', puttin' makeup on You don't see a thang, when your phone is on
You don't even smoke, fuck is goin' on? Ayy Come to think Wasn't your ass a stripper when we met before? I took you out that bitch and gave your ass a home Why the hell you talkin' to me with that tone? Okay yeah, you so used to niggas on your joggers route You'll find someone like me that really just don't care
Aye, Lost Boys, ICE! Yeah, Gang! ICE! Pull up in a whip with your wifey Ay, Steazy got the bag, he so icy Ay, NOVISION with the ruger shooting up the thotties Skirt off in a Lambo, pour another 40 Got all this guap in my face, ayy
You finna catch up a case, ayy Shawty be checking my steaz, ayy Ay man you know what I'm sayin' Got all this ice on me, man Yo NOVISION shoutout we like cod, man Gang Ay, ay, ay Ay
We pull up with ice, lil shawty won't speak so we finna pour spice We are too hot, fuck with us you might get shot It is 2018 we don't pop no molly or bean This how we do, we makin' the money These people be lookin' like this shit is funny Don't mess with the gang cuz we hit your nose like this shit gon' be runny Man it's NOVISION we fightin' these haters, we makin' our moves We is the future, me and lil steazy, do this shit easy ayy
Xanabell, I need you Xanabell, I want you Xanabell, where are you? Xanabell, I need you Xanabell, I want you Xanabell, how are you? Ayy Hahaha, hahaha
Car seats into cream Look into the mirror, I see money Shit is closer than it seems Turn my cup into a dirty one Drugs stay in rotation Next up I been waiting Prayed every night I been patient Goin' hard on these beats
Cause I gotta feed the family, gotta eat My momma wants peace Worried bout her bills, poor woman never sleep Goin' hard on these beats Cause I gotta feed the family, gotta eat My momma wants peace Worried bout her bills, poor woman never sleep Cocaine got me so woke
Pickin' up change, I would want a deal I'mma get it on my own and make a couple mill I'mma get it on my own and make a couple mill Yeah, I remember days I was in the field Pickin' up change, I would want a deal I'mma get it on my own: couple mill And I ain't really tryna' fuck with a day job I'm just tryna' make it down where the lane stops
Down where the lane stops And I been pulling' through life despite pain King George III, I'mma reign the rap game Young kid, clear thoughts like some cellophane Stir-fry, cookin' beats like chow mein Uh, and you got' never see me stop I'mma spit it 'till I'm dead and I'mma make it to top I'mma do it how I'm livin,' I ain't really tryna' stop
Gotta' put it all out, don't matter if it flops, nah 'Cause I'm tryin,' man, see, I'm really tryin' Everyday I gotta' see my fuckin' mom cryin' Everyday I had to see my fuckin' girl flyin' Everyday just another day of me dyin' I'mma get it on my own: couple mill Couple mill, on the real Man, I'm hungry every week, goin' through the ringer
My fillet is rum and Coke, just to make it thinner Out here diggin' for the light and not a fucking shimmer I had money on my mind that I tried to itch Had the wrong intentions, yeah, I had to get a grip Treble clef vision, this music's my fuckin' niche But I ain't stopping' 'till I'm motherfuckin' damn rich Moved out at nineteen, had to say chow It was me and home girl, we would talk vows
What'd you say if I'm broke as hell, no money I hope you say that my love's always free Every single day I'm just doin' it for the people's sake Every single day I'm just doin' it, tryna' be something Commo t'appel tay, est ce vous, commo est ce vous plait Ladies love the way how I'm rapping,' singin' in sweet francais so Yeah, yeah, yeah Every time I do it, I do It, it's like I never know
Every time I spit it, I spit it, it's like I'm honor roll Every time I drop it, I drop it, you'd think I'm so low Every time I run it, I run it just like an episode Every time I do it, I do It, it's like I never know Every time I spit it, I spit it, it's like I'm honor roll Every time I drop it, I drop it, you'd think I'm so low Every time I run it, I run it just like an episode Reputation so built up, I can't pay
Turn left on road, I messed up 'cause it's one way Can't afford rent but I'll go and buy a new pair of Ye's Whatchu' really mean to go harder and harder and, man, whatchu' say You can think I'm crazy, you're not alone, kind' think it too Keep it on the low, tryna' have a secret from me to you What we doin's cool, but, I mean, that you already knew I'm on my way, I hear them say "I carved my path goin' day to day
Gledam budne kako spavaju, to shvatices ko apsurd Um ko sistem odbrane, to bacices ko masku Moje svetlo u mraku je ljubav za bracu Pricam u simbolima to je ljubav tragacu Da li smes sam u sebe da krocis? Ko se boji uma jos, pa ti si svoga huda bros Al' se um boji unka bro Ko sto posle keca MDME ekseri nisu isti
Only tings Authentic... Your own entity No Fakes... No Yigas No Snakes... No soul eaters No culture vultures... No phonies Only tings Authentic... Your own entity VERSE1-Tryna take my clout Tryna take my sauce Maybe I'm too THICC
Baby I'm the boss Baby I'm the boss HOOK-If you got big dick energy If you got big dick energy make some noise Big dick energy I got big dick energy so I don't want VERSE2-Tryna take my power Now you wanna deport me
Oh why, why would, why would you wanna live Why would you wanna Li-Live so recklessly? I don't know where I was, I was lost, I was nothing The real version of me, I had never even seen You givin' me truth and it's such an unfamiliar subject So, could you answer me please? Are you sure you wanna love me? Are you sure you wanna love me?
You're asking for it, you're asking for it And I'm just saying, boy You're asking for it, you're asking for it And I'm just saying, boy I dare ya, dare ya, dare ya I dare ya, dare ya, dare ya I, I know, I know that it's a lot I know that it's a lot to handle me
But it, it is, but it is what it is It's all a part of my broken history I don't know where I was, I was lost, I was nothing The real version of me, I had never even seen You givin' me truth and it's such an unfamiliar subject So, could you answer me please? Dare ya dare ya dare ya Dare ya dare ya dare ya
Girl I hope that you don't mind But you're so bad you're so fine I'm just tryna' make you mine So I hope you have the time Girl I'ma pull up on you Pick up when i call you Tell me when you're ready So i know when to fall through
I'm on my way I'm drivin all through yo city girl I'm on my way Young boy here Startin new trends Prolly pull up on you Ina blue benz And the gang wit me baby bring two friends Tell your man he a dubb like two tens And he act like something that he ain't Full of himself, guess it's sumn' he ate
He'll get served, r.i.p. lil' saint I'm shootin' my shot while he posted in the paint Yeah, I'm on my way I'm going way out my way Just to say i made your day I don't need none of these hoes I do not play on a sleigh Start breaking away
I'll see you day after day I got that paper mache You are a queen, you got chicks watchin' the throne They feel like jay and kanye Girl I'm on my way Girl I hope that you don't mind But you're so bad you're so fine I'm just tryna' make you mine
So I hope you have the time Girl I'ma pull up on you Pick up when i call you Tell me when you're ready So i know when to fall through I'm on my way I'm drivin all through yo city girl I'm on my way I'm sure that wet wet like hurricane sandy
You got a tshirt without any panties I'll eat it up like it came from the pantry Then i'll have you singing like you played in annie Ough girl you whylin' just check it like forces You are a stallion like you step with Horses I did my homework I checked all my sources Enough about him he isn't me I'll open doors for you but this is the key
High fives 'cause another nigga played your ass It was said you were sleazy, even easy Sleepin' around for what you need See, it's your thing, and you can shake it how you wanna Give it up free or make your money on the corner But don't be bad, play the game, get mad and change Then you wonder why these motherfuckers call you names Still lookin' for a way out, and that's okay
I can see you wanna stray, there's a way out Keep your mind on your money, enroll in school And as the years pass by, you can show them fools But you ain't tryna hear me 'cause you're stuck You're headin' for the bathroom, 'bout to get tossed up Still lookin' for a rich man, you dug a ditch Got your legs up tryna get rich I love you like a sister, but you need to switch
And that's why they called you bitch -- I betcha! I betcha I betcha You leave your kids with your mama 'Cause your headin' for the club In a skin-tight miniskirt, lookin' for some love Got them legs wide open while you're sittin' at the bar Talkin' to some nigga 'bout his car
I guess he said he had a Lexus, what's next? You're headin' to his car for some sex? I pass by, can't hold back tears inside 'Cause Lord knows, for years I tried And all the other people on my block hate your guts Then you wonder why they stare and call you slut It's like your mind don't understand You don't have to kill your dreams plottin' schemes on a man
Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open Either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin' I'm hearin' rumors, so you need to switch And niggas wouldn't call you bitch -- I betcha! I betcha, bitch I guess times gettin' hard, even harder for you 'Cause hey now, got a baby on the way now More money from the county, and thanks to the welfare
You're about to get your hair done You got a dinner date, can't be late Trick or treat, sweet thang got another trick to meet The way he did it it was smooth Plottin' while he gamin' you, so baby, peep the rules I should've seen it in the first case, the worst case I should've never called you back in the first place I remember back in high school, baby, you was fast
Straight sex when you moved your ass But now things change, 'cause you don't look the same Let the ghetto get the best of you, baby, that's a shame Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased And finally be at peace So where your niggas at now? 'Cause everybody left They stepped, and left you on your own See, I loved you like a sister but you died too quick
And that's why we called you bitch -- I betcha! I betcha, bitch Dear Ms. Delores Tucker, you keep stressin' me Fuckin' with a motherfuckin' mind I figured you wanted to know You know, why we call them hoes bitches And maybe this might help you understand It ain't personal, strictly business, baby, strictly business
Codeine we sip, yo, homie we the shit Never leave the freaky crib, without Rollie on the wrist Pockets so loud, tell 'em quick fishin' Got girls in the crowd, like we goin' fishin' Never takin' names, too hot to pay attention We lookin' like it's from another dimension on deck, on deck Your momma give me brain, like she lost her neck
Off with her head, props for the dead People chillin' in my freakin' we get Money stakin' up, higher than the ceiling Murder every song like we tryna make a killin' Chainsaw flow, you shoud call me Jason Drivin' through the city like a freakin' speed racin' Diamonds on the grille, Adidas on the gas Leather on the seats, buck fifty on the dash
Okay, it's going down tonight And I can hardly freakin' wait I'm blowing bitches on my dick And I can't understand what they say If they speaking with their tongue Should be speaking with their brain I'm like Sammy, so insane How you do that ding-a-ling
Ergh, I'm a nasty bitch Don't believe me, ask a bitch Girls are on my mattress And I eat them up like savages Cannibals, animals My dick is so expandable I know chicks looking flammable So I might just have to slam a doe
One, two Yeah, you know what we do I'm saying Three, four Just open up your door and let me Five, six Can get you in the mix 'Cause it's going down tonight And I can show you a couple tricks
Let's go! It's going down tonight Going down tonight It's going down tonight I can't help it girl I'm selfish I've been getting high as fuck Rollin' up on something sticky Pour some bubbles in the tub
'Bout to do something trippy Like I just don't give a fuck Ya move girl But please don't spill my goose girl I've only had one shot And one more shot might get me loose girl Loose enough to get it in With some lady friends
Take a shot and poor some gin We forever win One, two Yeah, you know what we do I'm saying Three, four Just open up your door and let me Five, six Can get you in the mix
Haha, crazy ass bitch Go! Sev, he climbin' into the tip top Goin' back to my roots, this is hip hop Couple bitches on my lap, cause my shit's hot And I ain't never fallin' down from the tip top Yeah, climbin' into tip top Goin' back to my roots, this is hip hop
Couple bitches on my lap, cause my shit's hot And I ain't never fallin' down from the tip top Yeah, just another day, another blunt lit Another fake ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with Couple girls tho, man I'm lovin' this Palm trees, feel the breeze from the ocean mist When I fall asleep, please don't wake me up Dreams of being on top, I'm tryna make it up
When I was stuck at the bottom, nobody give a fuck Now that I got some attention, they tryna say "What's up? How you doin' Sev? We haven't smoke for ages I remember when I met you , you weren't even famous Now you traveling the world, man that's so outrageous Yes, we should smoke soon, you look amazing, hey" Sev, he climbin' into the tip top Yeah, climbin' into tip top
I think it's funny, how money can make your life change You gotta sacrifice all for what you might gain If you don't stand tall, you best to fight, man 'Cause them goons hop up out the gloom like a night train Try to ruin the creative process Not only ruin it but take ya hostage Take all your money, and still make a profit Fuck workin' for somebody, be your own bosses
To all my haters, I don't pay attention Too busy stackin' paper, gotta pay attention I see you later, this my main ascension I've been chillin' at the top, lookin' down like... Yeah, just another day Go She say she love it when the beat kick, kick She say she love it when the beat kick, kick
Come my lady, come come my lady You're my butterfly, sugar, baby Come my lady, come come my lady She a bad one, bad one Bet you wish you had one I'll be in the back with my lady probably acting stupid Got stabbed by cupid, and now we're in love Looking down from up above, never felt so true
I felt so blue, before I met you now I feel brand new I feel like there ain't nothing I can't do Come through with the quickness Know that I'ma get this Know that I'm the boss baby taking care of business Yeah, so lets fly away These dreams never seemed so far away Crazy, like I haven't taken my pills
I've been lost all day tryna make an appeal But umm, if looks could kill You would murder anyone that ever looked for real To the feeling I get knowing that you're right there I feel so amazing, I could see with my eyes closed You love gots me buzzed, hope this time never unfolds I'm faded, I'm feeling intoxicated Cause lady you're my butterfly, sugar, baby
Aye, taking my heart baby dont start now im going insane, i feel like hank im blowing up just like propain, thoughts in my mind all of the time they never leave like stains, 12345 yeah im staying in my lane Staying in my lane im staying in my lane Staying in my lane yeah im staying in my lane Never switch up on nobody cause im always by my self I never trust nobody cause they go off and tell I feel like a book falling from the shelf but my story is the best, i dont wanna be like the rest When i get out of the game finding my lover now thats just insane it might take me a minute to understand all the things that go right through my brain, i got haters to hold me back when it was rough plane had my back it was like a burning rose now im feeling under attacked Yeah its money way no lil tay i feel the same vibe like every single day, one punch in star me in a anime if you ain't fucking with me you an enemy, catch me outside and have the same energy im your god im your legend yeah you envy me might as well just go back on a kill streak no call of duty and make it a mystery, im marking my place yeah im making some history you have my name in your mouth you mean shit to me, i dont even know why these hoes so thirsty, i dont even know why i speak so dirty
Yeah, yeah Whoa, Kenny Ayy, wa-wa-walk him down with my chopper Cho-Cho-Choppa eat like lobster He didn't want no smoke, he's a toddler, yuh Ayy, shoot him from the porch of my highriser Ayy, wa-wa-walk him down with my chopper Cho-Cho-Choppa eat like lobster
He didn't want no smoke, he's a toddler, yuh Ayy, shoot him from the porch of my highriser Yeah, I'm with your bitch, straight gettin' it Fu-Fu-Fucked that bitch, then nutted on her chin On her chinny chin chin Yeah, I-I-I count Benji Benjamins Walk up in this bitch and I might bust right at your mans You-you saw him that mornin', but not again
Diamonds on a nigga, shinin' harder than a bitch I took your bitch and then she licked my dick Ran up on a nigga with the chopper, took his life, yeah A-A-A number on his head, I paid the price Boom, bitch, hehe Bitch-ass niggas Comethazine in this bitch, now pipe the fuck up Bhunna right here behind me, my nigga Kenny, in this bitch
Dis Emcee Fluctuate Germs His Insight Just Keep Learning Man Never Observed Poetry Quite Resembling This Shit, take it from the top once again Anytime Battles Commence, Decibels Exist Fortissimo Fangs, Honorable Intent Jackers Kick Loathsome Lyrics Material Never Obtaining Positive Quote Respective Spirits
Transmit Unsophisticated Vacant Vocals Zenthou, Zealous Zealot Zip-gun Zen from Zoom-lenses I can write a Zillion sentences General Helios don't boast, he roast His speech smokes, don't get more than twenty feet close Javelin Fangz, Sharpshootaz with the flash bang The last man standing with Wolfgang
And the couples we know are fondly kissing Will I be with you or will I be among the missing? Maybe it's much too early in the game Ah, but I thought I'd ask you just the same What are you doing New Year's, New Year's Eve? Maybe I'm crazy to suppose I'd ever be the one you chose Out of the thousand invitations you received
I don't know where to begin Girl what you're doing is a sin You take my heart and pretend it's all good and you just gone leave me in thee end Cuz quite frankly I can't complain You care bout who is to blame Holding on grudges on shit I been saying You hate that it's honest Knew it's gone happen but you won't acknowledge
The fact I'm human I too have regrets and I mistakes that I made in the past But it seems you been blinded Oh well I'm hoping it's the time I can pass that Fast with no rewind or no flashbacks I couldn't admit it was a set back Oh forget that
This situation getting too surreal I don't think I'm ever gon' heal Cuz I just don't know how to feel I just don't know how to feel Situation getting too surreal And I don't think I'm ever gon' heal Cuz I just don't know how to feel How to feel
Situation's getting too surreal I don't think I'm ever gon' heal Yeah The struggle I'm facing getting surreal It's agitating cuz I'm not able to deal with the negative or hatred you always feel For my good intentions All I want is to live my dream cuz I see it so vividly But you yoking the screen
Blurring lines our relationship, I just don't want to feel You been my everything all this time I didn't come here to be forgotten I need to leave a mark you and I both cannot imagine Where my heart is laying My time is wasted I understand you sacrificed to get me here Even the darkest days a nigga could still be here
Even the darkest days a nigga could still Where my heart is laying My time is wasted I understand you sacrificed to get me here Even the darkest days a nigga could still be here Even the darkest days a nigga could still This situation getting too surreal Situation getting too surreal
Rude boy This life we're livin' is is too real This our god body business Gunshot remorse and now you're- This ain't no penny-ante beggin' y'all to gimme Grammys This is soup kitchen edition feedin' twenty families Need a flak jacket that's Rat Packish, now gimme Sammy David Junior, man, I think we coulda made it sooner
Hmm, somethin' smells fishy like a plate of tuna Nah, they can't hold me back like a Diddy song With Ma$e on the verse, my first stint been pretty long Yeah, my city's strong, but it used to be Herculean Pioneers, these tryin' years have hurt the meanin' Of what it mean to be born and raised in the rotten Apple with the worm it's like what we learned is forgotten I surmise, the difficult arise when you hypnotized
'Bout this dirty game that's hard to clean like chicken thighs What you witnessin' is one of them different guys Seated at a table where you aren't able to sit with Gods Nah This life, this life we're livin' is too real Rude boy This life we're livin' is too real This our God body business
Gunshot remorse and now you're- Thinkin' about those days out in the park are very sentimental And they come to life whenever Marco's on the instrumental And of course when your boy is on the pen and pencil Raps like this from day one have been essential It's the quinticential voice from The 'Ville The weakest in the herd be the choice for the kill, chill And the loudest in the room be the weakest
Sounds of retribution comin' through your speakers And it knocks, that's 'cause M.P. is on the MP See how your prayers compared to theirs are empty? And when this type of hope is under the microscope You see the oppressed was never blessed with the right to vote 'Cause they locked us up and grabbed all of them rights back Confederate flags on the mall, do we fight back? Y'all don't understand, it's a different plan when you been with Gods
You already know This is the one, baby! What's that nigga name? Justo? Only doing one motherfucking mixtape, and that's it Have my plaques, nigga! I'ma be the first nigga slamming awards this year, too, on the awards show You know, you gon' see me on the Grammys for that "Why?" thing You gon' see me at mothafuckin' Justo shit
Muddy path but I'm taking my time I need cash money baby we live I remember they ain't save me a slot Back up when niggas hit the jackpot I got sense I'm tryna get me some guap I need the tint Just like my daddy skin dark I see your nigga too bad he a mark
I see real niggas just jab they don't bark Runnin' from loss In a remorse Your voice just mirroring corpse I tell y'all I'm hearing it all The wisdom that's in your remarks The silliness in you I mourn The moments that's tender and soft i'm in 'em
The memories got strong Some of them lost The silliness in you I mourn The moments that's tender and soft I'm in 'em The memories got strong But some of them long gone Run for your life, I took the cookies put em to the side Sunny day but I'm cooking inside
White horse , Black Horse , White Horse , Black Horse , White horse, Black Horse ,White Horse , Black Horse She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote, She wrote Im fucking on my landlord She see me, she feel me Her niggas tryna be me Ten bottles of fiji Ten bags of weed
Im bout to cook it up Mix that shit with lean Im the boss, I bring that sauce Fucking your bitch but she not that hot I turned your bitch into my thot She suck my dick, man that shit was hot She screaming my name That shit was insane
I know it's you I know it's you Buffalo baby soulja, bust it out baby soulja So we go bust it out, we come this way So we go learn it out, we come this way So we go dug it out, we come this way I gotta attitude baby, nigga running on the shoulda Bitch you will see, i gotta know you said
Bad night on it We gotta on you Bad night on the cellphone, youngah rich niggas I gotta babe sitting on my dam face You still know about me Know we go Buffalo baby soulja, buffalo baby soulja Buffalo baby soulja, bust it out baby soulja So we go learn it out, we come this way
So we go dug it out, we come this way That the way we livin, double heat on the bitch so bad enough Bad boy in da house, bad boy in da house Take it off, youngah all day, like you wanna fight me Bad foreva, me and boyz here we go On the fucking bed we getting to hot for us Bad soulja, we go like Soulja Man This nigga that we hold up for me
Soldier claim me on me I don't have anything that you love me Baddest man on the fucking planet On the road, we bet you on the game bad on the game shit Where we went through the night Bad friends, letting me happened again Know we Buffalo baby soulja, buffalo baby soulja Buffalo baby, buffalo baby, buffalo baby, buffalo baby
I just gotta fly away with you Told me that you love me is it true I don't want nobody I want you Girl without your loving I'm a fool I just gotta fly away with you Told me that you love me is it true I don't want nobody I want you Girl without your loving I'm a fool
I'll love you till the end of time Girl you like my bread and wine It kills me every time when I think about you I stay on grind with my crew This ain't nothing new; booo Ill keep you by my side like my tool Floating Money come in like the ocean
They need a nigga like lotion Steady cruising with the motion Steady cruising with the motion; I've been staying up all night Hoping to see you in time Lately you cutting my calls I'm used to this game now we ball Soon to be great I won't fall
Same day, same clothes I'm away Can you understand me? Can you chase me, babe? Let me tell you this babe I need to get away now Get away with me right now Smoking till I die baby
Smoking till I pass out They don't really know me Cause they're not you These bitches only see me Like they want to Like they want to Smoking till I pass out They don't really know me
What's under the dress I need it I got in that thang and beat I got in the game and beat it This shit is the best for me Don't settle for less ya see Cause if it's real ya need Bitch you been blessed wit' me Bitch you been blessed wit me x2
Cause If you leave me you'll know dat be blasphemy Bitch you been blessed wit me x2 Cause If you leave me you'll know dat be blasphemy Bitch you been blessed wit me Bitch you been blessed Bitch you been blessed Stop fakin like you leavin hoe You know dat I'm da realest it's Flaze season hoe
Cause I got da recipe I make em go rest in peace Them niggas been givin' you gimmicks But you be the best wit me tho I be like Mike they Tito My trap keep jumpin' like Ninos And I ain't scared to show a nigga love I ain't scared to rock wit my peoples
Cause I play the chess in da streets My shooters right next to me From a city really all about self And I still got my mans wit me like I'm one of the best you see What's under the dress I need it I got in that thang and beat I got in the game and beat it
This shit is the best for me Don't settle for less ya see Cause if it's real ya need You been you been you been lovin' this The only time I front is when I'm throwin' it Move dat shit and reload I unt spend a dime on a freak hoe Them niggas ain't really your men if they ain't puttin' in
Man they all in leech mode I ain't gettin played like a P4 I ain't gettin playin like a Peon Niggas be sayin lotta shit ain't makin no sense Like what the fuck was he on I got da best in these streets I unt even flex on da beat I just Be tellin da truth damn
No love za tebe sada Ti hoces gucci,fendi i prada A ne zelim ja tebe Skloni se bejbe sada od mene x2 I Verse I U ovoj trap igri sam odavno Niste me culi,recicu ponovo Ne brini bejbe stizem ja
Njihova prica je nebitna 808 kida,kida sad Novi vejv upravo stize sad Svi ste vi kao trap bogovi Ovo,ovo je sudbina Khell postaje brend sada Kupim sve pare,sve sada I Hook I
Stock on my shoulder, I was sinkin' I ain't know that I could leave Papa called me chief Gotta keep it brief Locked and load, I can see you lyin' through your teeth Fingers on my soul, this is 23 Blood in the water, I was walkin' in my sleep Blood on my father, I forgot another dream
I was playin' with the magic, hide blessings in my sleeve Yeah, I know I'm a king, stock on my shoulder, I was sinkin' I ain't know that I could leave Papa called me chief Gotta keep it brief Locked and load, I can see you lyin' through your teeth Fingers on my soul, this is 23 Blood in the water, I was walkin' in my sleep
Take it for a little spin? Do ya think? Mercedes Type Car Mercedes Type Car Oh, the places I will go in my Mercedes Type Car Are you fucking dumb? Are you daft? Are you still? You really must be stupid if you don't think this is a coupe This is a Mercedes Type Car
Crop top on me and I'm looking so damn fresh Pulled out the lot, yeah I'm feeling hot New Mercedes New Mercedes from my pops I tend to flex a lot 'cuz I got so many knots I pull up in a Mercedes, this is no Bentley truck Whippin' and whippin' and whippin' my dad's Mercedes with no permission I cook it up like the kitchen my crop top is fresh and I look like a vixen Little boy wanna be talkin' but CrazyFlow like
Girl, you so fine to me Your love like money I want it all the time All the time like money It's always on my mind On my mind like money Girl, your name money 'Cause I want you all the time
That girl one hundred Pussy taste like money, what? I want it all the time All the time like money It's always on my mind On my mind like money When I see her, I be smiling Smiling, smiling
When I get her, I be wildin' Wildin' When she postin' on the 'Gram I be watchin' 6PM to 6AM Bed rocking Girl you turn me on like a bankroll I love a bankroll
And I'ma talk to the first lady I see I'ma talk to you, that pretty lady right there I'm too much for you I'm the bad boy in the movie, man I'm too much for you I'm a lil' too much Boosie Badazz I'm too much for you, huh
I'm Bobby Brown when he had money I'm James Dean doin' a hundred Pac-Man, that pussy have you runnin' This sperm I got'll swell your stomach Huh, I'm too much for you Don't come around if you ain't naked Is that too much for you? This Boosie love'll have you crazy
Have you wanna have my baby Mama say I'm too much for these young women But Mama, I'm a shark, and I love swimmin' And they ready They so ready Scorpio is ready Blow my mind in the bathroom Is that too much for you?
Where they smoke weed and drink alone Boosie Blues Cafe But when the music play, they sing along Take you to that place Where they don't judge your race The place where everybody get along Take you to that place , chronic by the pound Liquor by the cases, man, it's goin' down
At the Boosie Blues Cafe Where the women on they A game, for real 'Cause the women, they be lookin' for stars, girl who you are? I would like to, know your name It's goin' down in this club, I'm talkin' anything Last week I went to Follies, ooh, I miss Follies I met a baddie, she in college She just use Follies
I met her at that place Where they smoke weed and drink alone But when the music play, they sing along We can turn up Like Atlanta We can party We can gamble We can drink
Out the bottle We can pop it You can double cup, my nigga You can double cup, my nigga We don't give a fuck, my nigga Nobody judge you in this place of business People turn they heads, stay in they business I gotta come take you to that place
Look like we got a problem, baby baby Time ain't on my hands Look like we got a problem Problem Time ain't on my hands for you And that's a problem Look like we got a problem Problem
Time ain't on my hands for you Can't be playin' with you I gotta get to the money Money Go be broke just layin' with you Can't be broke just layin' with you I got kids by the hundreds Got kids by the hundreds
And baby, they come for you They always gon' come for you, I love my crew Four shows every week, girl you know what's up If you ain't flyin' out to meet, how we gonna cut? I got money on my mind, I'm a true hustler I ain't got time, or baby girl, I could do for you And that's a problem Can't be playin' with you
I do shows every weekend Gettin' money I'm a daddy on the weekdays One hundred Diabetes freed my day right up though Stickin' needles in my stomach All this stuff every day Where's the time for a woman?
Today I'm goin' to the bank I just wanna get away I ain't pickin' up the A No pussy, not today I'm gettin' money, man, I'm straight That's a problem She say we got a problem I can't be playin' with you and layin' with you
That's a problem Can't be layin' with you I'm tryna grind for you, provide for you I can't do that if I'm layin' with you and playin' with you When we together it's a smile on you 'Cause I know it ain't much time with you Girl I'm on tour 'round here all summer I'm gon' be gone all summer
Go to Baton Rouge, that's the time for my mama And then I'm comin' for my mama Gotta show love to the motherfuckin' homies Yeah yeah Even if you leave, man, I still got the homies Yeah yeah Say my niggas, they a problem, haha She mad at mine, ooh, layin' with you, problem
I did it with some real ones who helped Now we gettin' rich, we eatin' well Hey, I think that I found my niche Now I'm gettin' money on these niggas like I'm Mitch Now I'm signin' bitches' titties, yeah, what's your wish? And I don't care what you say, nigga, I'm the shit Ayy, look, you can't stop me I been in them battles just like I'm Rocky
Spanish bitches in Dyckman, they call me papi When they come in the lobby, they givin' toppy Hey, don't fuck up my zone Huh, might have to call my nigga Rome Huh, he comin' over here with the pole Huh, and he gon' let it go I didn't do this shit by myself I did it with some real ones who helped
Now we gettin' rich, we eatin' well I'm stuck up, I only roll exotic broccoli Think I'm fancy now, I'm too good for a Masi But all that hatin'll turn you into a homi' Sittin' on your ass, you ain't got no job, Tommy Until they free the wave, Fuzzy the tsunami Go to Torpedo Base, I need cheese and pastrami After I eat, she know to get me toppy, sloppy
Pechal'no proshli nashi dni i teper' My byli, ne stali i v druzis konets Opyat' nalivayu stakan viski Vizhu tebya: ty opyat' zhe s nim Bol'no moment, kogda vspominayu Menya ubivayet mysl' o tom Kak podkhodili my vmeste s toboy Netu vremya, pozhaley
Nado den'gi? Netu vremya Obaldet', zabyl o lyubvi i zamorzlo serdtse Zabyl pro tebya i vsekh momentov Zvonish'; ya beru, no ty ne otvechayesh' Uznayu po dykhan'yu Stranno, chto voynoy mir snova zabivayesh' Snova zabivayesh' Dva chasa utra i, vdrug zvonok na telefon
Tri, chetyre raza, ne dayut pokoy davno Snimayu: Alo, Alo, alo, alo Eto ty, slishish ty, Alo, alo, alo, alo, alo Dva chasa utra i, vdrug zvonok na telefon Tri, chetyre raza, ne dayut pokoy davno Snimayu: Alo, Alo, alo, alo Eto ty, slishish ty, Alo, alo, alo, alo, alo Ne govori, chto ya tvoya mechta
Good brain I'm just chillin in the trap with the gang Good strain got me in outer space Yea, out-outer space I'm just chillin with the gang in the trap No speech but I make that choppa clap I copped the whole thing, you just get my scraps Y'all got good faith but she is in my lap
In the rap game I'm on my first lap This is real life I don't really have to rap Baby can't talk to me I'm in the fuckin trap Only if you understood why I can't text back But like, you know what I'm sayin? This why I can't text back I'm in the trap x9 I'm in the trap wit ah sack
Call my Motorola Someone stole my iPhone Still, I'm tryna' roll up Ge-ge-ge-geeked now You can feel the heat She hot like Texas Pete How did she end up with me Yeah, I be high, yeah
I'm off the seals, I'm in the whip Baby pick the phone up, call my Motorola Someone stole my iPhone, still I'm tryna' roll up And i'm kinda geeked now, you can feel the heat She hot like Texas Pete, how did she end up with me I just quit my job cuz' I can't stand a day job Spendin time' on music cuz' I wanna take off Shawties wanna take off all they clothes for me
But I prefer to make some tracks alone and blow some trees, ay Yeah I be high, yeah, you can see my eyes, yeah Who can dress like me, no one, who impress like me, no one Who can tote like me, no one, who can smoke like me, no one Who get high like me, no one, we be hella zooted, no one Rollin' up them trees, no one, and making all this music Ay, yuh, yeah, I be high, yeah Shawty all the time, yeah, ay
I said, "yea...I got a 9 on me" She say, "Damn, you always on ya phone" I said, "I gotta be" Grindin' like I got a lot of me But no, it's not... just me Way I'm ballin on 'em probably go out in the lottery The demons keep on findin' me I think they got inside of me
But I swear angels keep on callin' me Or I be all on ya ass Not talkin' sodomy I'm that nigga yes I swear I'm talkin' solemnly Follow me, then swallow me They fallin' off like autumn leaves If ya friends stay then they fuckin' If not tell all them leave
Tell them hoes I said, "bye, bye" You not my baby no "goo goo gah gah" Sipping on Mai Tai and your hair tie dye Put me out til manana But you gonna be out before tomorrow She said, "Do you got protection?" I said, "yea...I got a 9 on me" She say, "Damn, you always on ya phone"
I said, "I gotta be" Grindin' like I got a lot of me But no, it's not... just me Way I'm ballin on 'em probably go out in the lottery The demons keep on findin' me But I swear angels keep on callin' me Treatin' hoes like hoes, nigga 'Cuz that's how I came up
Then karma gave me daughters Praying everyday won't raise one Had to change all my ways except for paper chasin' But still go Freddy/Jason without no hesitation Ima King one day I'll have a little Taysean Pray that he don't end up like a little Trayvon Or we gon' turn police station to a lituation Burn like a white boy skin on vacation
You are in the mood? Yeah F*ck off Scripted Sh!t Bruh! Skip this sh!t Prod By SmaZe! Shoutout My Digger SoundCloud! Yeah! YouTube! Twitter! Insta! Yuh Aye Yuh Aye Yuh Aye! The f**k man? You made a f**king watermark! Walmart? Yuh aye! Yuh aye! Yuh aye! Yuh yuh! Aye! Aye! Yuh aye! Yuh aye! AAOOOOO!
Why the f**k are you lying? Bro I won't stop! I am on top! I am king of pop! I am on the top! B*tch aye I won't even lie! I won't f**k your b*tch! P*ssy Diggers tryna do it for fame!
I Bet you will be ashamed! Don't f**k with Achoo! Your lame! Digger Wanna take me down! For clout! Your clown! Your noun just've found! And i've crown down in downtown! Like a I do wanna SHOUT! What up B!tch! I DON'T GIVE F**K BOUT FACE! YOU WANNA BE ON HELL'S GATE? I DON'T CARE IF I EVER DIE!
Like they know nothing It's all gonna end soon Yeah aye, Yeah aye, Yeah aye Suit up! Boot up! Boot up, Boot up Suit up Bitch aye Lead up, Leach up Leak up Bitch
We got the bldg on tilt What ya doing slyy Rollingggg Gun play nore shoot'm in they own hood gun play security say chill nigga fuck that The liquor make a nigga stick a nigga thumb tack they say son back an it's a fun fact our garbage candy land is where I dump at Slide forward the world on tilt Let me say it this way if you don't understand I fucks the place up bitch Part of my language
We bouncin on the beat like I was squeaking the mattress and beats you in the head until you need you a bandage Fuck a block like I just fronted you 9bricks My money long call me cash register rhymes bitch my nigga ball heavy like my homey Labron do Got the building on tilt exactly how the heroin do We got the bldg on tilt Swirv swirv Get money get money Reek da villian
Conglomerate Get money get money Orlean orlean Reek da villian the prince I got the club on lean Like everyone sippin codeine from methazine an all these pretty ladies they tryin to be next to me and Yeah my diamonds glowing like crystal amphetamines Uhh fuck a 10
My swagger need a 20 I graduated with honors in the academy's of money Rolls on freeze about blow up OC and leave the bldg on tilt like "at a be a scum" Now I ain't go to rap Swirv swirv Reek da villian Conglomerate Orlean orlean
Never trust a bitch gossiping and talking shit Never trust a snake Never trust a snake They gone try and ride yo wave and eat it off yo plate Never trust a hoe Never trust a hoe Never trust a hoe cause she can't keep her legs closed Never trust a fake
Never trust a fake They gone talk behind yo back and then smile up in yo face Don't give no fuck about no hoe I'm a brazy bitch put this fo five in yo throat! Don't know why these bitches hatin Don't know what they hate me for These bitches don't want no problem, they know I'm bout it for sho I'm stacking, stacking that cake
These broke bitches know they cannot relate Ain't no bitch in my way Me and you are not the same But you bitch you knew that anyway Pass me bitches I'm in my own lane That ain't my problem, weak bitches gone be weak bitches Sneak dissing, pistol whip a bitch now her teeth missing Free my brother the realest nigga I ever knew
Disrespect his name and them missiles coming after you! Never trust a bitch Never trust bitch Never trust a bitch gossiping and talking shit They gone try and ride yo wave and eat it off yo plate Never trust a hoe cause she can't keep her legs closed They gone talk behind yo back and then smile up in yo face Say its beef with who?
On my hate me proof I got a good drac , don't end up on the news! Why she think a sweet Wish a bitch would try to play me Paid your life for these sneakes, wish a bitch would step on these! Why they wanna run up, I'm just chilling! I see myself, and all these bitches they my children! I can't waste time with hoes cause I need me a million!
Sneak dissing the reason I can't take you serious Why they wanna see my fail? I'm like fuck it oh well Bitch I never need a co-sign Bitches want there's and mine Tryna eat off my plate I can tell who real and who snake That's Why
Feelin' like we're gonna hop different Moves on these diggers, yuh Who wants a fight with me? No one? yuh! That's what people say when I ask them if they want a fight with me Yeah, ayy, ayy, yuh, ayy, yuh, ayy Yeah, who the f*ck wants a fight with me?
When this punch gets on your face It will rip the f*ck outta you, man No, don't mess with me These diggers tryna be my friends to get the money Yuh, To pay there house's rent, yuh They think they live in a tent, yuh They do live in a tent, yeah But i am not bragging about
Yeah shooters What motherfucker don't know Yeah Yeah We back on the track motherfucker we're doing it I got shooters motherfucker what you don't know Don't know Don't know Motherfucker we on in the bih now
Errbody got shit Errbody got dat Motherfucker we doin' dat Motherfucker we ain't turned with a motherfucker Errbody got dat Yeah Yeah yeh What a motherfucker don't know What you don't know
Spit it like dat But I say like dat Better step dat back Better step dat back Yeah Step one step to the front Now step one step to the back, You know what's gon' do,
You know what you gon' do Nun, nun, nun You know what you gon' do it's gon' be nun, When you get out here But what you don't... Yeah shooters I got shooters say hi motherfuckers Back out the boof
With new tunes in the room We got some goon shit in a room We set sum new tones when we come We smokin' everyday a J We smokin' everyday a J I don't play, if you motherfuckers don't know When I settle down like dat When I settle down like dat
I always try to waste my time But am I right Diamonds really waste my time I guess somebody has to die, like my teacher said I guess somebody has to die, like my teacher said I always try to waste my time But am I right Diamonds really waste my time
I always try to waste my time, I always try to waste my time, and when I rhyyyme It's a whole new universe Write a verse relax Nigga I don't relapse My bars have been bad Ya'll niggers' been bad Look back I've seen that First time, I hold the pen
Don't know the man I know the plan I've been in work and ya'll niggers play Nothing was the same But a nigga's brain Its just really plain I don't know the name Spitting lies everytime
Open mic That's a lie Never try, open eyes SABELO 15 Tracks, 15 aye Had to die, out of time Ohk! That Guy!, on beat!
It's me, The Link Alter ego, here you go-go I'ma drive slow Let me ride slow She's a no go But a good show Perfection I mine And perfecting a crime
The mixtape dropping now-now So I mixed it, mastered, basted, faster With bars Silent, louder, 15th, stream it, flow is... so gold But I'm so old 15, get it, have it, ShareIt Expand my base Your race, your choice
My voice, my chords Ad-lips, dry lips No lips, Nico Beast mode, flow mode, you talk, get slapped No steps, but traps, first tape, first take, no date, you straight, debate, who great? Who's goat? No goat I go, no more I always to waste my time, I said I always try to waste my time, but am I wrong yeah?
Each day I wake up, wish I'm someone else Girl, how will I love you? I can't love myself Each day I wake up, wish I'm someone else And I can't, I can't kill myself 'cause I love you, bitch Love the way you hold my hands and the way that you kiss You've been cryin' in my arms, see the cuts on your wrist I can't feel the fuckin' pain 'cause it's been killin' my brain Had to drink a couple things to keep me goin' in vain
Thinkin' about you, bitch, got me goin' fuckin' insane You feelin' mad, you feelin' sad, baby, scream out my name And I'll be right by your side, and I won't leave you again I will protect you, baby, so I'll hold onto my blade Every time you wit' me, shawty, all your problems will fade Spread my wings up at the sun so you can sleep in the shade I ain't no stranger, bitch, so please don't ever push me away Each day
Since I worked aaliyah hard now im really poppin Niggas broke and i wonder if they really want it Niggas lie and they say that they really bout it On my tony hawk grind theres no stoppin, uhh Ive seen my sign , its the time I'll be fine, its almost mine Put your life on the line if you really bout it Put your money on the line if you really bout it
You Gotta put in over time if you really got it Brand new bag, brand new cash I remember when i didn't have that Used to pull up to the mic with no plan Now my years mapped out no stressing If you on your grind come crank with me, aye If you working towards luxury I said, if you on your grind come crank with
Ayy, bitch, I think I'm in Illuminati Ballin' like I'm Scottie Diamonds shinin', like I'm fuckin' frosty I need my money ASAP, no Rocky Fuckin' that bitch and that pussy so sloppy This money, this life, you can't copy Yeah, I'm makin' 'em move like tsunami There's and drugs on my body
These niggas cannot fuckin' top me That bitch gave me sloppy toppy I'm eating that pussy like teriyaki Ice water step, no hockey keep that Bugatti Droppin' the bomb, Nagasaki King of the hill, no Bobby Kick a nigga out of a 'Rati
Makin' money is my damn hobby No one can touch on my This money, this foreign, this mansion is what yo' bitch brought me Move with the juice and no one can stop me See me in those fuckin' damn Nikes She look like she want no hypebeast She know what I want 'cause she a psyche She told me to eat her booty like groceries
And plus you're slowin' down the pace... Baby... Don't mess up my tempo... No no Please don't mess up my tempo... No no VERSE2-BPM BPM baby we are not in sync We do not see eye to eye And the worst part is you won't tell me what you think I've come to the conclusion we won't click and I know why
Di richtige blibe Liebi verdient me I luege nume churz di aa u weiss sofort es git immer no Hoffnig solangs Monsche wi di git Es isch nie z'spat We du wusstisch wi stouz i bi, bi ni Teil vo dire Waut E Teil vo dim Harz U faus mau numm viu umen isch teile mer der Rascht So wi sechs ghort
S'isch no nie so cho wienis plant ha Doch ha bunti Blueme gseh wachse ir Wiiti vo der Pampa Geisch dure Nabu zeigt sech schnau war di derdur begleitet Geits dernabe witer ihri Hand fur di is Fuur I ga dure Nabu E Nabu mit grossem Hunger Ar frisst jedi Farb u verdout se Spoit se wider us
E Nabu mit z'grossem Hunger Ar frisst jedi Farb u verdout se Spoit se wider us Stoh mer zamen uf, putze di ganz Wohnig Dass widermau aus dort isch wos hareghort Mini Waut isch di Waut i mim Chopf Ihri Huser, ihri Strasse, du bisch harzlech wiukomme Doch vorhar gahni da Wag dure Nabu
Doch vorhar gahni da Wag dure Nabu Wi chan es riichs Land so arm sy Wo Monsche vereinsamen u landen i Klapse I bi ufgwachsen im ne offne Huus Mit offne Ture, gmeinsamen Asse Ringhorige Wand, paar Gheimnis wo me huetet Vergisse nie e Monsch wo men aagstanden isch Immer e Platz zum ubernachte, egau wi viu Jahr vergange sy
But I won't fall down Break me But I won't back out Cause I won't fall down Cause I won't back out And i'm Nnever backing down Boy was talking shit So I told him pipe down
Fore your lights knocked out Left on the ground Where you can't even shout Shawty hit me up and told me shes about Life full of love just crossed right out Shawty hit the club just tryna chase some clout Left me in my room with a mind full of doubt Yeah
Let your heart be light From now on your troubles will be out of sight Have yourself a merry little Christmas Make the Yuletide gay From now on your troubles will be miles away Here we are as in olden days Happy golden days of yore Faithful friends who are dear to us
Said na only you that type of feeling, you on me Girl na me go dey your side Girl na me go dey your life, yeah, yeah I'm bad for you, only you Yeah, I'm bad for you, say only you Yeah, I'm bad for you, but only you Girl, I'm bad for you, say only you, yeah Offset
Like how she pop it like woah, woah, woah Like how she pop it like woah, woah Like how she pop it like woah, woah, woah I want you to ride me just like a roller coaster She poppin' that rocket, I cop the holy ghost I'm Tony Montana with these Louis loafers She turn to a animal when she take her clothes off Cash money, baby, get your roll on
Fast money when she on the pole, huh Bend it over, yeah, touch your toes, huh Diamond chokers on me, you gon' notice Let me eat it up just like a cold cut Go on and kiss it, let the water fall off Facetime with the dick, call on Got it shakin' in the buildin' hold on Tu eres sexy sexy, ven baila pa' mi
Tu eres sexy sexy, estas hecha pa' mi Tu eres sexy sexy, desde que te vi Solo dime, pa' mi tu eres un crimen Tu entras con un flow terrible Y me fundes to'os los fusibles Dime cuanto gasto, pa' mi mucho no es tanto Ando volando alto, y yo no fumo pasto Es que me tienes mal a mi
Ya no se ni que decir Yo ando aqui esperando un si, desde hace rato Vamos a hacer un trato Dime cuanto gasto, pa' mi mucho no es tanto Ya no se ni que decir Yo ando aqui esperando un si, desde hace rato Vamos a hacer un trato I'm bad for you
The way that reality is perceived is based off of the viewer This dimension is much like a T.V. in a room The materials that build up the Television will still exist But what you see in it can always change Much like how the dirt, the water, the minerals on this earth will exist whether you decide to look at it or not But the way that you choose to see it can always change If you view the world as a dangerous place that can only hurt you then you may learn to fear it If you view the world as something endless for you to explore then you may learn to be curious
If you see the beauty and love that this world has to offer than you may learn to be joyful Much like a man sitting in the room watching the T.V We can just sit there and view the world all day The world around us is just a concept The way it's viewed is dependent upon the viewer And you must learn to not only be open towards perceiving the world around you But also towards yourself The way that I view reality is seeing more than just the T.V It's a room
And it's more than just the room It's me in control of the room Me being the body that I live in right now Both physically and spiritually I have the ability to control myself You have the ability to control yourself And we if we perceive ourselves as something that can change the world for the better, then we can begin to manifest it It's a matter of getting up and doing it
I'm outta here, I'm outa here, I'm outa here I'm outta here, I'm outa here, I'm outa here Swag so official dog, I'm outta here I'm fresh as your girl wanna date me They ask what I been doing, counting big doegh lately They ask what I'm smoking, tell 'em preemo, baby You know I'm bout that southside, we so crazy Playas, hustlers, get money round here
Gangstas, ballers, get money round here Misses, bitches, get money round here Swag so official dog, I'm outta here In the hood with my vallies on, I got these karots on me Hating on ya boy, don't understand carey on Catch me in the club, with my dub got my mackin on Rolling up a pack of strong, then I turn my swag on Playas, hustlers, get money round here
Gangstas, ballers, get money round here Misses, bitches, get money round here Flight 360, 36 onions Money long as his hair, his longer than his woman's Add some more 0's, yeah we getting money I love it when the models say Tity more dollars I love it when the models say Tity more dollars She like it when I call her, I like it when she swallo
Who that nigga in my place? I think he got a fuckin' blade Aight, no face, no case, I told that bitch to stay away Who that nigga in my place? I think he got a fuckin' blade Ahaha Ayy, no face, no case, I told that bitch to stay away Ayy, stay the fuck away, bitch Ayy Ahh, ahh
'Boutta fuck this shit up Fuck this shit up Ahh, ayy, aight No face, no case, I told that bitch to stay away Bitch, I'll stomp on a bitch if she actin' fuckin' tough I'on really give a fuck, I'll fuck that bitch, then I dip Bitch, I'm smokin' on this gas and it got me fuckin' ripped Bitch, I'll pop up with some sticks and I'll break a bitch hip
Foreign Rari goin' fast while I hit the fuckin' dash Diamonds on my fuckin' teeth, every time I spit, it splash Shittin' on these fuckin' niggas, man, these niggas fuckin' ass Robbin' niggas' fuckin' house, whole fit fuckin' black Bitch, I'm tryna get this money, get this mothafuckin' cash Bitch, I'm mothafuckin' $NOT, I'll pull up in yo' fuckin' block I'm that nigga in the trees, wavy as the fuckin' sea Every time I fuckin' talk, these bitches on they fuckin' knees, bitch
Don't want me to go, well baby that's how it is Now I'm all alone, I don't know where home is These suicide notes is all I have left to give Suicidal notes, I don't think I wanna live Don't want me to go, well baby that's how it is Now I'm all alone, I don't know where home is These suicide notes is all I have left to give What the fuck is worth, I know that I'm worthless
I fucking hate this Earth, I don't serve a purpose Why you tryna' flirt if you know that you hurtin' Put me in the dirt, then closin' the curtain You won't ever see, what you mean to me Baby what you need, I'll get you everything Please don't mess with me, I'm way too fucked up mentally Have epiphanies, of people saying rest in peace Find me, I've lost my way
Some people get a kick, stompin' on the dream That's life And so it seems Some people get a kick, stompin' on the dream That's life But I never let it get me down Never-never let it get me down But I never let it get me down
Never-never let it get me down That's what some people say when you ridin' high and able Shot down in May, that's life But I'ma change these haters' tunes When I pull that Stingray out in June I been down , and that's real life I know what the bottom feel like I know what the top feel like
Keep on truckin' Middle finger up to you hatin' motherfuckers Point a finger, I done rolled out a fist 'Cause it point to where I head in this bitch Yeah, that's the T-O-P, that's on G-O-D We all that we motherfuckin' G-O-T That's from the bottom of my heart Once again, from the bottom I start
But fuck it, that's life Yo, I know how them shells feel No evidence, cold in the jail cell The big homie got me out of this It wasn't for him, I'd still be sellin' your mama bricks A shame how most of you niggas so counterfeit My city gangbang as much as Los Angeles Same niggas hatin' wanna cop verses now
Look at these Christmas lights Everybody love me Christmas lights, Christmas lights, look at these Christmas lights Christmas lights, Christmas lights, look at these Christmas lights Kids love these Christmas lights, girls love these Christmas lights I got a chain on my neck with the charm Bible on my neck and the scripture come from psalms Diamonds in my ears make the women go crazy
Jesus on my neck and somethin' for your old baby Step up on the scene , me and my whole team Iceman Nick, big shit, bet it's gon' hit Rose gold set, I'm kind of cold, man Yung Bleu up in this bitch lookin' like a fuckin' snowman Kids love these Christmas lights, girls love these Christmas lights I'm a baby Christmas tree named Tootie, I'm Raww And my diamonds they be drippin', they drippin' just like some water
Name a youngin go harder, I get it from my father We be turned up for Christmas, ain't nobody goin' harder And I spend what I wanna spend, get what I wanna get Might just cop a watch and bust it down and you know it hit Trel get on Christmas lights, Webbie got on Christmas lights Everybody 'round us, they got on a bunch of Christmas lights Ivi, ice me out, check my time, I'm Christmas lights down 17, big B, and it bling and it shine, plus it got a crown
Its been a while now People say i left but i never did, how now?? Huh? If u dont believe me, then u won't believe it when i dont try it out.. Ha! Now i'm movin forward, to a point where i know that i can't ignore it... Support local or foreign I still reppin dafam, if its shinin or pouring.. But who am i to judge, i ain't got time to budge, i am not keeping grudges.. ha!
This ain't a time to hate, so i'mma keep it real, i ain't got time to waste.. Brah! Just listen closely, make yourself get cosy, just dont get so nosey.. Right? You prolly think u know me, so begin to show me, that u not that homie.. Move! To the left, to the left.. Look beyond, say, what u wanna, talk about the best?
Huh? I got flow, people tryna follow but they sound so hollow, they ain't never gonna rest.. Right? Been in the game since i was 16, now i'm sick and, gonna sink in... So dig in-to my cuisine, its an open invitation, i'mma let u dig in, till it gets in Brah! Its been a while now, I'mma keep movin till my lights out..
Ha! Gotta shine now, and since now i'm back, i guess u prolly gonna wild out.. Truth is, i never back down.. So tell me, now how? Huh? Yes, i never back down So tell me now how?.. haa.. Its been awhile now.. i'm married with 2 kids u think i'm gonna stop? As a matter of fact, my first daughter's a rapper, i can really prove it really when this beat drop
Its all common sense, i can proclaim, my wife a dope rapper in the game Yes So stop spittin bullshit, u just got to move it, i'm still makin music yo i'm still the same Its been awhile, since its about time Now its about time for its been a while.. Huh? Yea i'm spittin nonsense.. But is it really nonsense if it make sense?
Now i dont really need the consent If i do need that then i won't make cents.. Typical rappin, simple rhymes.. Used to be a skater, now i'm on the grind.. 50-50, between work and play.. No matter what i do, i rep dafam all day Uhhh Been in the game since i was 16, now i'm sick and, gonna sink in...
So dig in-to my cuisine, its an open invitation, i'mma let u dig in, till it gets in I'mma keep movin till my lights out.. Gotta shine now, and since now i'm back, i guess u prolly gonna wild out.. Truth is, i never back down.. So tell me, now how? Huh? Yes, i never back down So tell me now how?.. haa.. Breakdown :
SupremeSlushii... W0AZ W0AZ.. It was my mistake falling for ya And I know that hoe won't give up Tryna get me back, you done fucked up , yea! You done fucked up messed yo life up It was my mistake falling for ya. And I know that hoe won't give up Tryna get me back, you done fucked up , yea!
You done fucked up messed yo life up Slushii on that track, hit you i smack, spent a hundred racks on a little mat, hit you with that bat, like you were a nat Slushii on that track, hit you i smack, spent a hundred racks on a little mat, hit you with that bat, like you were a nat, you a lil brat, you know where im at You done messed up , yeah That girl messed up , tough'in yo ish up You done slipped up , yeah It's my birthday today , got my pay check today Whoa , whoa , whoa ye-yay
This that conflict of emotion You know you drive me crazy One minute I wanna kill you and the next we getting High, igh, igh, igh ,igh, igh ,igh Sooo High, igh, igh, igh ,igh, igh ,igh Hey you when you first met with each other you told her you love her then went and O.D'd with each other, and had your first fight on the first night no stopping her, no stopping you, you see the fire in her eye, you feel like running out of there but yo somehow yeah your drawn to say, just because she opened up to you in a crazy way, and its all new to you, this bitch is looking beautiful pinning you as the fool, don't be fucking acting cool, reactions and actions staged shows like an opera, now she's fucking popular she'll start blockbusting yah, with a crowd full of photographers, hiding with binoculars, what you gonna do cause this that This that conflict of emotion
Srce, flaster imas, ti se selis Srce, necu nesto da se desi Srce, gde si? Kvart je zajebao kao Berlin Znas da volis me, al' samo reci Znas da poginem kad cujem reci Dupli ulaz, ja ti zovem taksi Je l' se secas sta smo rekli? Zica, odmah, baci! Ja te cekam gde smo sinoc jeli
Pricaj kroz sifre, kreni prema Gazeli Budi ortak, robu mi unesi Ja sam balzamovan kao lenjir Budi ortak, pa se desi Budi carolija u sivom gradu K'o pajdu folija, od dima zaklon Muzika odliva otrov u staklo Hodam po vodi, mirno ulazim u zivo blato
Crno je dole, ovde crno je kao u Ruandi Svi moji drugovi su crni dijamanti Na prisluskivanju su crni dijamanti Cevi pod stolom - crni dijamanti I sve te sahrane, ja jako dobro pamtim Vozila, naocare - crni dijamanti Nema suza, zene, braco, suza pamti Moje ortakinje su crni dijamanti
Crna porodica, crno dete - ja sam, shvati Smrti ne bojim se, tamo me ceka mati Dao bih sve na svetu, da mogu da je vratim Crni dijamantii... Crni dijamantii... Zivot nije, vecni su samo dijamanti! Crno je dole, odakle ne mozes da se vratis Sjaj u tami, ponovo - crni dijamanti
So when time come to level up I'm only bringing with me that real How I feel? Ima need that water distilled Staying hydrated I will Praying for my people in withdrawals that been fighting off chills I'm just tryna withdraw big bills Gotta get it, get it
Yeah I'm talking Buffalo Bills Saying what the fuck that I want, I WILL Really don't have no chill In the field like daffodils Gettin money through the iPhone STILL Got a lot of pain that time don't heal You been making moves that I don't feel Hang around you man?
I won't chill All of this time I could've spent on me For all of this money that can't see You fast food you get it to-go You mixing the highs and feeling the lows Still I Can't sit still I got no chill
I feel like I'm too real I still do shit for the thrill, spark up anywhere i go Need it for the low Keep that on the low I know, I been going green I can't fuck wit snow I know I can't fuck with lean Man I'll put on a show
That's fa sure Might be superman I might kick in your door STILL I don't give a got damn, fuck, shit STILL Niggas feeding in to the fuck shit STILL They don't fuck with you how you fuck with them Cause niggas ain't gracious STILL
I am way too impatient STILL I been waiting for "thank you's" STILL Times that I really shouldn't be behind the wheel Times that I'm trippin, really don't know how to feel Times that I wonder how we all don't wanna kill Times that I wonder how we keep from going under So we turning to the bottle and marijuana to chill Times that we living in like everybody giving in
Adderall and Ritalin, but we not supposed to sit Still I can't sit still, I got no chill I feel like I'm too real Like, I'm too ill I still do shit for the thrill, spark up anywhere I go Need it for the low Keep that on the low I know, I been going green
Aye I Don't Give a fuck about the people who fuck with me These Pussy Diggers tryna be me? They'll See Huah These motherfucking mosquitoes are fucked up hah These mosquitoes are fucked up? They're gone These pussy diggers need to move the fuck on On! Move the fuck on Aye!
But you want me to need you too Desperation, cancels the meaning Some reason it's what all the girls want They want a man like me who they can't predict They want a man like me who doesn't always say yes They want a man like me 'til their time runs down But they don't want a man like me when they settle down The passion's there, it never left at all
My love could move these hills But you'd rather turn around than climb It's much easier to say he's not real Because a man like me is hard to predict And a man like me doesn't always say yes And a man like me will never lie to you But from a man like me you might not like the truth Did you get your fill?
Will one more bite be too much? The will you leave like everyone else does? I like my love like my liquor I'm not much of a sipper I want nothing at all or a full cup Because a man like me is hard to predict And a man like me doesn't always say yes And they want a man like me 'til their time runs down
I've played CSGO for a really long time But I never had the money to gamble big time A dollar to a knife? Seems so nice! My mama telling me to go outside Instead of losing money on gambling sites But I believe in the luck of mine That one day I'mma gonna get the knife! Now wait! Yo! It's almost Christmas
Bitch, I be goin' hard I get yo' nigga hard This blunt is hittin' hard Smoke bamboos, big lit , thick white bitch Iggy You know my weed sticky , what's the secret Vicky? We be turnt like Timmy , then we roll out like Jimmy Sit on his face 'til his nose gone To put me down you need both arms
These bitches mad 'cause I go hard Ready, set, I got on Goyard Chains on my belt, I'm a rockstar Don't need ID, I use facecard These niggas dig me like a graveyard I work hard so I get to play hard What I got on, it ain't come from the store They see me soon as I walk through the door
I'm up on the roof, I was just on the floor How the fuck did I get rich when I was just poor? All of these blessings, I'm thankin' the Lord I'm never stoppin' I gotta keep goin' I don't use the brakes when I'm drivin' a foreign I only go faster, I never go slower Ballin' so hard like, "What's the score?" If she want beef, I need a fork
I don't even know your name But I feel like I know who you are Ain't nobody ever come at me that way But I feel like I've seen you before Everything about you familiar How the fuck are you still one in a million? I swear that I've seen you before Why are you so familiar?
Girl you one in a million Yeah you one in a million I don't even know your name But I swear that I've seen you before Everything about you familiar How the fuck are you still one in a million? I swear that I've seen you before But you more than a face in the crowd
You don't like staying out, cause you hate that it's loud Plus it's a little late now Why don't you stay and let me play you these sounds? Quit playing around I ain't there yet, but shit I'm on the way now Swear you gon' think about me when I'm gone I just hope that you stay down Call me when you want
I'll be there when you scared and alone Know you got me when all could be gone I'll be home if you need to belong But we could be wrong Be straight up, this don't need to be long Feel free, you can reach for these songs when I leave and have reached the beyond I need to be honest Girl I swear you're a goddess
Ain't no need to be modest When I'm with you girl ain't nothing the same But I swear that I've seen you before Why is everything so familiar? Why do you look so familiar? How are you one in a million? Why is everything so familiar? How are you still one in a million?
Exercise, memorize, finalize Energize, mobilize, galvanize Synthesize, tranquilize, neutralize Don't trivialize, instead Legalize and idealize Realize the government is not a bunch of evil guys Take a stand when leaders lie Take a bow when heroes die
Take a knee, identify Take a leap, exemplify Don't trivialize, instead Legalize and idealize Realize the government is not a bunch of evil guys Take a stand when leaders lie Take a bow when heroes die Take a knee, identify
Take a leap, exemplify Encephalon zettabyte, opps just a kilobyte Realize they're just neophytes, we got zebra stripes Hybrid beastmode, lion roar with hyena might I am on my Denzel flow, you get equalized Demonize Triple Reich Shield me with Akiva light Pious vs. Evil
Equilibrium Libra plight Geneva Rights North Korea spies Bright arena lights FIBA fights, minimize beef "Viva vegan lives!" Educate, Palazzo Bernie Bickerstaff Palazzo the truth, you fail polygraphs
Anticipate moves, cross court telegraph Jump the passing lane, confiscate your gaffe Isolate, separate, euro with the jab Hesitate, pump-fake, euro with the jab Pass up the two, pull-up, shoot from half "Tried to play D" on your epitaph Visualize, theorize, analyze Exercise, memorize, finalize
Fake friends vex me Fake friends, pet peeve On God, Rest in Peace! L-O-R-D K-U-R-T K-I-N-G Kick game, Fenty Skintone, Nestle
Bestie, selfie Laid-back, carefree Their sched flexi Grab lunch, medley Ready? "Check please!" Fake friends, pesky Fake friends vex me Fake friends, pet peeve
On God, Rest in Peace! Bless me, hex me Bless me, hex me Security, sentry Backstage entry Run game, XP Snipe treys, Wesley Jelly Fam, lefty
Clear audibility, ponder soliloquy Block off your sensory, wipe out your memory She's neoclassical, Statue of Liberty Voltage plug, Mr. Auxiliary Effectively from evil, deliver me Life is a fete, confetti sold separately Life's not a movie, try documentary Ninja ascendancy, vetted impeccably
Stack exponentially, live monumentally Immensity, Palazzo Yosemite Harlem the globe, spin like rotisserie Wisdom Chinese, soul Made in Italy Onto lucidity, off to infinity Liturgy symphony skillfully sing me affinity Vividly navigability, tarot divinity Zealotry heresy, wizardry, unseen bewitchery
Industry tyranny, cynically limit me lyrically Typically, mimicry idiosyncrasy dignity Apparently peasantry pedigree, jealousy tendency Devilry chemistry recipe, lit like an effigy Clemency acceptability, forfeit thy victory Inherently irritability, insult to injury Aridity annex torridity, outline captivity Jeopardy for the accessory, jail 'til you're elderly
Slave to the reverie, not penitentiary Slave to the reverie, not penitentiary Enemy entity, endlessly flexin' artillery Infantry storm regimentally, remedy weaponry Insensibly render your elegy, levity, brevity Perish antiquity, welcome to 2070 Conspiracy theories and mysteries, invisibility Fraternity bending your energy, symmetry synergy
Hit the mall, catch a movie Bumpin' Lil Uzi Yakitori, sake and sushi Let's toast, sakazuki Louboutin, Bonaduce All black like Higuchi Bathing Ape, Yamanouchi Takeo Kikuchi
Louboutin, Bonaduce Yamaguchi, Yama-Yamaguchi Yamaguchi, Yama-Yamaguchi Big dawg, no tanuki Call plays, Mariucci Hall of Fame, you're a rookie Daimyo, Masayuki Miyamoto Musashi, Mizoguchi
If you're not in my crew, you're green with envy 'Cause no one's a nasty little freak like me Put on the leather jacket that I got on sale Smoke old weed that's super-stale Take an old pain pill from when my toe was broken Can't find coke, so I snort ibuprofen Oh my God! Oh, why did I do that? I'm not sad
Big night out, never felt more alive-r We get cut off by a student driver I tell the Uber guy, "Race that bitch!" As I rant about Lilo & Stitch That movie is cinematic art Ooh, pull over, there's a taco cart! I'm not sad, Lilo's sad Have you seen Lilo & Stitch? It's so good! You haven't? Why? Wait, what were you doing in 2002 when it came out? Were you sad about 9/11? I was sad about 9/11 too, but Lilo & Stitch honestly really helped me through it
I hit my alarm now I'm awake Something's strange around town every time I look around, every single thing is the same, it's Groundhog Day Nothing's changed I hit my alarm now I'm awake Something's strange around town every time I look around, every single thing is the same, it's Groundhog Day Wake up then I light up Man they call that wake and bake Tell Alexa throw some music on
That yeezy 808's Wifey sleeping on the money She can never stay awake Cash stuck all on her booty I call that cake on cake. Woah! Every day's the same man I think I need a break Cereal for dinner, breakfast is a caesar with some steak I remember when I couldn't afford pizza on a plate
Baby you're the one I need Come through, Imma' let it squeeze It don't matter what they sayin' baby Imma' keep it clear baby Imma' keep on grindin' for me and you If it falls then let it fa-aall Don't be scared to take it off, girl you worried 'bout your flaws, nooo Love when you make it applaud
Ceilin' with the stars Got me feelin' like a boss, yea yea yea Girl I swear to Go-d I don't like to swear to God, but I'm fallin' for you hard You the baddest that I saw, freeze your wrist up just because And you know, if I gotta leave you then you know I'm with the bros Grindin' on my job, I got the bag in for the squad Pull up in foreign cars, SUV's say Double-R
We pull up in foreign cars, SUV's say Double-R, yeah yeah Know I got a thing for you girl, I can tell by the way that you look at me Baby you're the one I need Come through, Imma' let it squeeze It don't matter what they sayin' baby Imma' keep it clear baby Imma' keep on grindin' for me and you Shinin', I be shinin', diamonds on my bracelet keep me shinin'
Come through, I be flexin' all my diamonds Diamonds on my Rollie', don't know what the time is baby I'm gon' keep it kickin' Money gettin' nigga Ay, I'm gon' keep it flippin' Is this what y'all want? The Originator if this sound Y'all know what the fuck goin' on
Hatred on contemplation, ey Planetary devastation, hey Pain is my form of creation, hey Double up pussy Bullet gon' enter yo body, call that shit penetration Huh? Yeah! I know these niggas are mad at me, hey! I am a rappers catastrophe, ey
I got the screaming in agony, hey I'll kill these niggas so casually, yeah! Claim he a god? That is blasphemy, hey My lyrical orbital defying the gravity Gold on anatomy, building up energy I grew too rapidly Shout out my nigga young Zakku Amaterasu
They lovin' how we do it Yo, we wanna stay funky up in here Y'all ready to get funky up in here or what? It's the basement, you know the basement be funky sometime I'm talking about that sweat under the armpits Sweat under the balls funk, you know what I'm talking about? We get it funky like that Com Sense gonna make it real funky for you
And we came to make it real funky for you Den Haag gonna make it real funky for you Funk, rhythm, the funk, funky, I want the real Make it real funky for you, I say I'm gonna make it real funky for you I know that I wanna make, I wanna make it Yeah yeah, I wanna make it funky for you and you I wanna make it funky, funk for you I came to make it real funky, real funky for you
Sing it with me y'all Alright... Okay Alright... We'll make it funky for you now I'm a child of the ahh - The 87 ahh On some KRS be here forever type unh You-you-you-you know you shouldn't rhyme like unh Let them pussy niggas get in your mind like unh Baby boy, you could do it, take your time do it...
If you get the chance To be a man in a b-boy stance, advanced from the go I'll trace outer space with a unh The baby-sitter of styles - I've traveled miles with Bitches and....I've traveled miles with..... I've traveled miles with bitches and brew the ritual Of the real unh Your platinum but real unh's don't feel you
You sampled real unh's and then filtered I'm built to last - at last I'm free The Roots and SV be the family tree My man DJ Dummy be the family tree The tree is unh, how we do it y'all As long as it's funky...alright, okay As long as it's funky...alright, okay Sing it with us
Yeah, as long as it's funky...funky for you now We came to make it real funky for you And we came to make it real funky for you, ah Funky for you, huh, funky for you, come on We came to make it real funky for you And we gonna make it real funky for you And we came to make it real funky for you, ah Funky for you, uh, funky for you
Make more noise than that, man, for DJ Dummy Yeah, yo, I'm from Chicago, y'all, the South Side, for those who've been there My man right here, he from Philly My guy right here from Detroit, Michigan, yeah, Karriem Riggins My man DJ Dummy, he from Brooklyn, yeah He lives in Brooklyn, baby Uh, yeah, we live in Brooklyn, baby, ha, yeah Where we at, y'all? But we're in Den Haag, baby, ah
I said we're in Holland, baby And our time is now, uh, yeah The North Sea Jazz Festival, ah, yo, it go... *scatting* Let 'em know how it go, y'all, it go *scatting* Turn it around, y'all, come on, it go Yo, they said it's our turn to go, so...
The basement party gotta be over We just havin' fun, you know, creating on stage with y'all Just feeling good, man Yo, JB, turn on the lights, man I wanna thank y'all for coming through and staying at the basement You know, it's been a good time in Den Haag JB, turn on the lights, not them lights, dude JB, not them lights, man--JB...
Sayin' shit, got dislike... shes dont even care Got many bad comment.. shes feel was fame God damn.. fail in love make they be crazy.. Go move on.. search' for new guy yo.. baby Story of lil bitch, but is not fairy tales So funny when she's gettin' fail up in jail Got many money just for one night Need many money, even was shining bright
I know u just want money on ur own Play slowly when game was on Dont cry baby when i leavin' u alone, cause sick Cheap trick done right U gave me everythin' what i want overnight .. on my sight Why u act like, you love me baby.. But, on ma backside, you tryin' to.. fuckin' kill me Oh i see.. that you just only want is my money
Then i gone when you was fuckin' with me.. now here take it money baby.. Fuckin' Lil Bitch want some money for today She's sexy and hot, i always seen lil bitch everyday Sayin' shit, got dislike... shes dont even care Got many bad comment.. shes feel was fame God damn.. fail in love make they be crazy.. Go move on.. search' for new guy yo.. babyy I got a lil bitch.. she kicked from school..
Like to talk shit, shes was fuckin' fool.. She was young and Beautiful.. Someday she's gave me fake smile.. And at that time i feelin' in the death line Oh my baby, u can alwayss make me dyin' 80 million for me is too much.. are u crazy? But, rich bussiness man always can pay oh baby Now do it with me.. i will gave u cash
Okay lets think about you What am I supposed to do Living solely because of you I promise that shits the truth Look at you You're perfect I know damn well You're worth it
My song you ain't never heard it Destroying all of my verses You hate me I know your game How am I supposed to change With all of this god damn pain And that shit is a-okay Not really I hate this thing Wishing that I couldn't feel anything
Vibes, Vibes, Vibes, Vibes All you ever do is fucking lie So as a result I get high Trying to fucking act like I am fine Uh, I don't even get why you're so self conscious When I see you baby I get real nauseous Feeling hella drunk off the love I got for you I gotta tell you uh baby I adore you
Yeah, If I got with you that'd be a score, damn true Damnit baby I love you Maybe we can be together Fuck, I keep writing all these pointless letters Yeah, I don't really need the money fuck all the cheddar All I really need is love so I don't do the drug, High So I get hella smug
Flirting with your best friend My best friends ex and I lead her on cuz I am a bad man Who's in love with you Who's in love with you I'm in love with you But now
It's basic It's basic Basic Baby do you really wanna know it if I tell you then the drama will turn into a moshpit baby this ain't basic it's just basic baby I can still feel your kiss yeah I can taste it baby it's just so basic I know you made it I ain't God cause baby I'm forsaken look at me baby be awaken CHOURSE 2 It's basic basic CHOURSE 3 It's basic basic
2 pair pants Ima do the daaance We getting rack Counting up Sipping double cup With your girl on top Sipping double cup All my day ones out here they know meee
5 cups i can't see All the drug i took Got me on a trip Got to see the whole world Never left my crip Yo bitch on me like a hula huuuu 5 bands ima spend it like im use to do 2 pair pants
Ima do the daaance We getting rack Counting up Sipping cup With your girl on top And i know thats a fact Need them on tour, only got my racks Foreign bitches twerking on my cock
On a sertan point you will get enougt My 911 drives faster than the opps My tires bulletprooft i can't stop I just bougt a patek flodded it with stones 50k on a budget Thats a low blow I buy another one when i wake up But first let me get my doublecup Yo girl on My dick like hula huuu
5 bands ima Fuck her like i use to do 2 pair of pants Ima do the dance We getting racks And We Counting up the bands Sipping cup On My bitch like a double cup Im on the block
Ya, ya Got no friends Man'a got no friends Fuck the lens Buying new benz Buying new pants Buying new benz I act careless, can't care enough though
I'm the sociopath you can trust I'm the mothafucker you momma be talkin' about So don't bother me I'm walking here I'm paying I'm paying Yeah Wow Yeah
Skrrt Brrp I'm done Not yet though I know you've been talking trash I know you be stabbing me in the back But hold up Let's go for a snack
You fucking wack? Yuh I don't fuck with you anymore for a reason I don't, I don't fuck with you for no reason I've seen you in high school You know You know Ya, ya, yeet
I don't wanna love you 'cause I know you'll waste my time Please don't hit my phone 'cause I don't want you on my mind Flyin' round the world so shawty I cannot reply Wrap me up a check and now I'm leavin' you behind This 'gon last forever I be movin' like I'm timeless Stackin' all this money even though my flow is priceless Gucci and the Louie, yeah I'm drippin' like a faucet It was now or never, girl you left me with no options
Fuck out my face now, got your girl face down Shorty used to diss me but she chillin' at my place now I was scared of flyin' but I'm skippin' state to state now Gunnin' to the money like I'm in a fuckin' race now Yeah, whoa Sayin' goodbye to my past, yeah Pull up with digital dash, yeah They say they love you but they wanna see you break down
You say you're sorry, want me back, but it's too late now I don't wanna love you 'cause I know you'll waste my time Please don't hit my phone 'cause I don't want you on my mind Flyin' round the world so shawty I cannot reply Wrap me up a check and now I'm leavin' you behind This 'gon last forever I be movin' like I'm timeless Stackin' all this money even though my flow is priceless Gucci and the Louie, yeah I'm drippin' like a faucet
It was now or never, girl you left me with no options I can't escape the limelight I mask the pain, it's alright Sometimes wish I could rewind But I know I'll never be the same Now they know my name as I make my way out I'ma stay up in my lane as I watch it play out And I can't even complain, makin' money plays now
I'm sick and tired of all these SaaSHoles Fake motherfuckers, just about growth There ain't nothing wrong with monetizing shit But a hockey stick won't fix a tiny dick Worst part of all Dumbest motherfuckers playing know-it-all Whoring it up on social media They'd sell their kidney for uh Wikipedia
"I guess B2B really stands for Bullshit 2 Bullshit" Doing fake work to pass the time Going to conferences, pretending to grind Strung out on addies, crackhead; toothless Jacking off ta booth babes; their dick's useless Scooters, Scooters Riding around with them Apple computers Need another big valuation to get more suitors
Scooters, Scooters, Scooters *Echo* *Electronic sound effects* "Are you into chastity? I'm not a stalker by the way." SaaSHoles, the real assholes I'm not talking 'bout no billionaire CEOs This song is for all you wantrepreneurs Talkin bout employee count instead of burn rate Buy a lot of hoodies trying to compensate
Just pour your retirement money down the drain No SaaShole's ever gonna make that VC money rain "Wait: how can 30,000 people all be 30 under 30? Uhhhh." Propping up decks with fake stats Trying to collect all them crypto cats Too ratchet for the Capital One Cafe Wait, Soylent isn't gourmet? "I didn't know MRR stood for Madeup Realistic Regalia?!"
SaasHoles! Dance for VC money, Like a stripper working them poles SaasHoles! *sound of computer typing* "I have a pindick, but I really like you." SaaSholes, the real assholes: This is what happens when yah give millions to average joes "Are you guys seriously out of Jersey Giants? Give me the Dorkins."
No attachments when I stick and move I know I'm sick with this shit Bitch I'm fly with the flu Ay, frog eyes on the coop You just talkin' like that nigga, I'm really Him Let em sleep, Ima live out these dreams Get a bag, we got cream on top a cheese Ay, we got ???
No control on his Bitch, what he doin' Pullin up in a coup the I'm recruitin' Coolant could stroke with this toolant I let a cop give me brain I'm Medulla Like Ooh, bop on a bitch Get the slop from a bitch Ding dong ditch when I knock on a bitch Like ay, bitch I'm the shit
Lil bitch I'm the shit Like Ooh bop on a bitch Get the slop from a bitch Ding dong ditch when I knock on a bitch Like ay, bitch I'm the shit Lil bitch I'm the shit Like ay, bitch I'm a newer Young cat but I'm fuckin on these cougars
Take a inch off yo top Clip hang like a ruler Keep my dick in yo mouth like a rumor Sneak dissin', Ima sneak up with demons Oh wait- but I feel I'm still dream Dick riders, please wipe off that semen You a rat I notice cheese got you cheesein Like Ooh, flex on a goof
You say you love me but you don't love me X2 You say you ride but you won't ride for me X2 You say you love me but you don't love me X2 {VERSE}: You say you love me, but you really love me? Baby girl I'm tryna fuck can you see? Baby girl broke my heart can't take that back I love this pain thats why I got all these tats
Everybody stops and stares at my baby When she's walkin' down the street People passin' by just look at my baby 'cause my baby looks so sweet You know she's.. Kisses sweeter than wine Everytime we kiss I get that feelin' Everytime we simply meet
I'm the suit and tie that bleeds the street and still wants more I'm the 45 that's in your mouth I'm a dirt injected whore Yeah, look it's me The one who can't be free Much too young to focus, but too old to see See what you brought this world Just what you want to see
Pizda ta imi face ASMR Aoleu, ce ma doare nara, ayy Frate zici ca sunt San Sanda, ayy Frate, ma doare in pula, ayy Am mia, lumina divina Trag coxu', ma unge pe inima Ian da Xanu' si ma termina Ca Specii cu stima, ayy
I wish that I knew what you want me to say A void in my chest 'cause you're so far away And, baby, it's torture, I'm countin' the days But when I return, will you love me the same? I'm so sad about this pain in my head And I don't think it would be strange if I end up dead From couch to couch 'til I'm insane, and when I wept It made me realize that I changed and I ain't myself no more
Fart fart fart fart fart fart fart I farted I farted Fart, I farted Fart, YEAH! Fart fart Fart fart fart fart fart Fart fart fart Yeah
I farted I farted I farted I farted I farted and I shitted in my jorts up on the street ay Shit and wipe and clean that's the cycle of my whole day If I was a dog then I would shit and not pick it up Piss clean, piss clear, shit and fart I wrap it up like flex seal clear Deadly but silent Silent but deadly
Deadly but silent Silent but deadly I shiddid my pants yeah Pull my frag out, my plumes I sharted my jorts, my plumes The sweet relief of my personal tear gas I farted, I shitted I farted, I shitted
I shitted my pants I farted farted shidded! Fart, YEAH! Fart fart Fart fart fart fart fart Fart fart fart Yeah I farted I farted I farted
Where I stay I be riding everyday Ride along them demons Man I hope that I don't hydroplane Hah, yeh, ayy Yuh, ha, yah O-na-siiissss In my way
In my way Not okay Issa fight Issa fight Where I stay From the night From the night Through the day
Through the day I go hard I go hard Bring the pain Bring the pain Out my face Out my face Where you from
What you want I see that trifling lil taunt Poppin outta nowhere in this bitch And its makin noise when it came from six Coming out the bottom like we came from a ditch Man I be so hungry for the bag full of rich In this place I be riding everyday
Wanna be buried 6 feet down Everyday looking like a clown Walking into school Feeling like a fool Play By The Rules Get up for school Im tired of this bull Give me a rope
Give me a stool And i'll be fine I'll be alright Can hardly go to sleep at night Always see her when i close my eyes It hurts every single time All I think is about the good times Now it hurts to see that she ain't mine
Now i feel trapped inside my mind Iam running out of time My life flashing before my eyes I feel like my life ain't mine I wish i could press rewind And treat her better than i did last time Now all i do is sleep and cry While i could be finding the love of my life
Yeah Yea yeah, ooh.. I find it obvious , I find it obvious I find it obvious, I find it obvious, yea I find it obvious you want me for the audience Find it obvious , find it obvious you want me for the audience Find it obvious, find it obvious.. X2 Find it obvious , you want me for the audience ..
And now I'm broken , misspoken Since you broke me you lost your tokens Now I'm sad you messed up the moment Feel so cold its like its the frozen You broke my heart and now I can't focus It's inside of me but it's stolen It's inside of me but it's still stolen And I'm still broken
X4 I find it obvious you want me for the audience Find it obvious , find it obvious you want me for the audience I find it obvious, find it obvious.. X2 Obvious , I find it, obvious You only want me for the cash, speed it up like flash, speed it up like flash I find it obvious you want me for the audience, I find it obvious, find it obvious you want me for the audience, find it obvious , find it obvious.
And I pray to Jesus Christ to well And I hoped inside this coupe to will I know god he got a plan for me but these xans control my mind for real Blue printers and checks now I'm count the bills New pain pills got me standing still Like what do you want, it's saint Laurent Off white zip zap, watching you flaunt Baby you a star like me no question why I fell in love
I just fucked a big four in my purse I remember them days I haven't much I remember them days in I came up If I'm in a Beamer don't get in my way I hop in a coupe and I send me a pray I hope you forgive me for my sins I know that you wanna see me win And I pray to Jesus Christ to well
I'm fighting my emotions, nobody understands I'm slowly losing my emotions, I'm trying to stand I'm sitting in shame, I've been feelin' in pain I'm sitting in shame, fuck this pain Lonnie, you're not good enough You should kill yourself You're not good enough My heart aches
I hope you like this baby, I love you Since the first day of school I saw your beautiful eyes I saw your beautiful hair I was so scared to ask for your phone number at school I was gonna surprise you with a bear Just everything about you makes me smile I can't believe you like me
I- I'm so happy that I make you smile That's because of me I try so hard to make you happy I wa- I was trying my all to get you I don't need any hoes But you don't need to try to make me happy But I don't have any hoes Yeah
I don't have any hoes! As soon as I saw your eyes looking at me I couldn't help falling in love And this relationship is gonna- is supposed to be You're harmless as a dove Yeah I don't want anyone else but you You're the only girl I want and need I'm so happy I can say "I love you"
Our relationship right now is like a seed But this relationship is gonna grow You're the best thing that has ever happened to me But you glow Yeah, I love you! Yeah, I know you love me! Yeah, I love you! Yeah, I know you love me!
Yeah, I kn- I love you! The m- thing I like about you the most Is that you don't judge me for whatever reason But there's a reason You stole my heart Yeah, you are the best Yeah, you are as beautiful as a piece of art I'm happy to take you on this quest
You are my world Yeah, you are my everything You are like my dream world And I am your king This was just a dream But my dream came true You are as beautiful as a... good dream Yeah, you are my boo
Last year I was on probation Two years ago I was on probation All I do is make mistakes, I sin all the time I'm tryna hide my mistakes, we don't have that much time When other people sin, they don't care When I sin, everybod- starts to care I need to get high, the walls are crashing in All I do is sigh, I'm tryna swim
But I feel like I don't have a fin I'm gonna drown in all this pain I need a break on life Fuck all this pain Fuck this life I'm dumb as fuck, leave me alone Ah, fuck! Leave me alone All I do is make mistakes, I sin all the time
I'm tryna hide my mistakes, wha- When other people sin, they don't really care When I sin, everyone starts to care I need to get high, the walls are crashing in All I do is sigh, I'm tryna swim But I don't have a fin *sniffle* But I don't have fun
I'm gonna drown in all this pain I need a break on life Fuck this pain Fuck this life All I do is sin, all I do is make mistakes I'm tryna hide my mistakes, we don't have that much time All I do is sin, we need some time When other people sin, they don't really care
If you kill me Young motherfucker pull the trigger If you kill me You got a pistol motherfucker better kill me You can never take the life of a real G I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready Young motherfucker pull the trigger You got a pistol motherfucker better kill me
You can never take the life of a real G I'm up before sunrise first to hit the block Lil' bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks Learned to throw them thangs, get my skinny lil' ass kicked Niggas laughed, 'til the first motherfucker got blas-ted I put the nigga in his casket And now they covering the bastard in plastic I smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts
Tryin to make a million dollars out a quarter ounce Gettin ghost on the five-oh, fuck them hoes Got a forty-five screamin out surviv-al Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some ya-yo And holla five-oj when I say so Don't wanna go to the pen, I'm hittin' fences NARC's on a nigga back missin' me by inches And they say how do you survive, weighin' one-fifty-five
In the city where the little niggas die Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin Pour some liquor on the curb, for my homies that deserve it If I wanna make a million, gotta stay dealin' Kinda boomin round the way, think today I make a killin' Dressin down like I'm dirty, but only on the block Just a clever disguise, to keep me runnin' from the cops Gettin' high I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket but I'm ridin' it like it's a Benz I hit the strip I let my music buck Drinkin' liquor and I'm lookin for a bitch to fuck Rather die makin money, than live poor and legal As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo I need money in a major way Time to fuck my girl, she gettin' paid today, ha hah ha I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready on my Glock
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit I done seen a motherfucker peep pain At point blank range cause he slept on the game Ain't a damn thing changed, they shakin' the dice Now roll em if you can't stand pain better hold em Cause ain't no tellin' what ya might roll You might fold catch AIDS from a slight cold You better live ya life to the fullest
The boy be bigger than this I came in hard did the drip I electrified this shit, believe! Bridge All the girls dem dey feel me Coz me i get the swag! All the boys dem dey feel me Coz me i get the vibe!
I be cool guy i don't talk much If you no know me, nsei me I just dey do my thing, if you no like I don't care ohh!! I be dopest boi!! I be dopest boi!! Verse It's BaeMusic! Huh! See!
I don't really look expensive But when am in the room they seize the nonsense Ade3 a mop3 no, I don't pet am Everybody get am Ask why my guys are dope? Mode3 s3 mabr3 Gye kenkey ne nkyeman! And am still the boy
You can't touch me, sit down Moves unseen Asante John Cena!! And am still green Am fresher than filla Verse Abi abi abi dopest boy!!! Taking over like I'm shatta's boy
If you no dey barb, I no dey care How you go barb? when you got no hair! I'm killing the scene with my style! Your favourite MC saff dey bow! Your girlie too dey check me out, oh yeah! Damn, who's that? Nigga, me that! Thinking I died no, I came back
Harder than before! Y'all wack niggas can't even cope! Nii Khallye) Bridge All the girls dem dey feel me Coz me i get the swag! All the boys dem dey feel me Coz me i get the vibe! I be cool guy i don't talk much
If you no know me, nsei me I just dey do my thing, if you no like I don't care ohh!! Yeah! Huh! Ch3mi Boss, When i want it! Ch3mi Don, When i get it! Ch3mi nor f33nor ni otawo ni ch3mi When i get the money like diddy!
My nigga we forcing, like obodi steeze i be bossy When i make it big den go gossip! But nna ko am3 po but they saw me Yeah! they saw me Get it get get it my nigga! Get the money like a regular routine and floss it! Kaakw3 moko joonor ni ok3 joojoo! charley! my nigga better stay focused I be de dopest boy, I be the dopest god!
Bow down to the homie every time, shoddy with the Blow job! Hook Bridge McRay, Dope! I came through in my all tis3 pope Hmm!! I smell nice, dont to sniff twice you go bleed I ask why since since dem never fit cope Hw3! mogya no b3gyina wotrimu
I'm here to kill you Nu bai nos seis na tres karu Ku garrafa di pontxi na lado Ta fuma charuto cubano Nu sta dodo, nu sta dodo Kem ki pega pa disgadja Kem ki kumi pa cala quieto Pa ho' ki nu txiga na casa
Pa ka descubrido ma ano' nu sta dodo Nos nos stilo e di dodo Nu gosta di fica kel dodo Ma si parceba un boka sexy bonitinha, n'ta beijaba N'ta rabolaba, n'ta apalpaba, e midjor n'para Pamodi n'ka ta oia hora di caba Ez e basof ku corpo sexy Deepy labanta la pa oia si inda nu fazi sexo
E ka tanki, e apenas musculos Musculos pa mudjeres pega, p'ez dexa di bacandeza Pamodi nos ki sta li, nu kre fazi malcriadeza Riba mesa di cozinha, ami na cueca, el na Tudu komesa un jogo snooker Nha swatch marca sete e meia Nu combina oito e meia Pa nu sai antis nove e meia
Bebi un agua antes sai Para na banco, na ta bai Dinhero hoji ka ta fadja Catchores ki sa ta manda Para na boda caminho kissangua Fala un dica, txeca un move Hoji enton n'ta pinta manda Woi, oi
Catxoros ki sta li pa pinta manda Woi, oi, oi, oh Woi, oi, oi, oh E nu ta tenta gossi pa alcansa Ami n'sta dodo, n'sta perdi nha cabeca, ami n'sta crazy Sta mesti di nha som, di nha drink e di nha baby Martini, sim, bianco ku un cubo di gelo N'sta pidi nho perdon
Tenta, tenta pega dama Gira, gira na charuto N'gosta di coroas ki ta txoman di nha puto Nu bai nos seis na tres karu Ku garrafa di pontxi na lado Ta fuma charuto cubano Kem ki pega pa disgadja Kem ki kumi pa cala quieto
Pa ho' ki nu txiga na casa Pa ka descubrido ma ano' nu sta dodo Tiro modi e modi n'ka mata cabral N'ka odja-l, n'ka julga-l N'sa ta rola, rola, ko confunde, e ka enrola N'sa ta gira, gira, ma ko engana, ka gira a wella N'sa ta baza, baza ku keli, nau ku akela N'sa ta para ku kel cena di fla ma dipo' n'ta fazi
Di fazi kel kin ta fla, ma n'ka fazi ma kin ta fazi El sime, dexam n'curte batida ki ta lembram nha reggae Woi, oi, oi, oi Enrola, un, dos, tres Dja n'passa, kuatu, cinco, seis Nho' meti un pausa rapazes Nhos toma grande cuidado N'ka sta podi nem respira
A hunnid just to try to talk, bitch, check out my wrist watch I can never chase pussy, no time for no damn thot Fuckboy and he talkin' tough, pull up, bust a shot Bawskee in this bitch And fuck all you hatin'-ass niggas in the comments, too, bro Y'know what I'm saying, fuck you niggas, man I just fucked yo' bitch, spent a check on your momma, got some top from your sister, bitch Boy this ain't no regular juice up in my cup, ooh
I be off them xan's and OG Your bitch say, she wanna love me Gold on me like Macaroni Boy, you tryna run up on me I be off them xan's and OG Your bitch say, she wanna love me Gold on me like Macaroni Gold on me, i'm shining, VVS, my diamonds
I fuck on your bitch and when I leave you, see her crying Said she wanted Aloe, bitch why is you lying I just want that neck and then my check, is that surprising? Yuh ayy, da way, ayy, she cheatin' on you call it her way Yuh ayy, da way, ayy, she suckin' me up like it's thursday Yuh ayy, da way, ayy, i'm chewing xans, my vision's blurry Yuh ayy, da way, ayy, check callin' me, i'm in a hurry You used to diss me, hit me up 'cause I'm better
Phony bitches on my dick, I'm tryna count my cheddar You can say I'm dressin, 'cause I'm in Italian leather Gosha got me lookin' great bitch, get yourself together Smokin' on the leaf and I go to sleep Xanny in my lean got me feelin' weak Gosha on my sleeves, now she tryna fuck Draco in my jeans in case they runnin' up Gold on me, i'm shining, VVS, my diamonds
I just wanna work things out, girl i need you I should probably close my mouth, i think i need to I was lose you make me feel found, girl i cling to you girl i cling to you x2 Yeah i cling to you x4 You, you, you i hate myself, but you always tell me you love me I don't wanna be fighting, to be honest i'm struggling
Baby i'm missing yo lovin, you must be tired from running Through my head all of the day and i pray that i'm everything that you wanted I'm not good enough, i bore you when you speak to me I get hurt a lot, you don't know what you mean to me I'm so sorry babe i want you to believe in me Baby i'm so insecure You deserve so much better so what am i trippin for I just complain, i'm probably such a pain for you to be with
Girl you sitting down I stand up like a cowlick uh Orange juice in my 40 oz yeah Water on my neck, but I ain't drowning yeah Oppa, oppa, oppa You are like an oppa, oppa ay When i shoot the Glock, he sound like helicopter ay Yellow hair like naruto I got the chakra Do it by my lonely like i'm Speaker Knocker ay
Bitch I buy her the leash, she suck on my skeet They ain't really now they want preacher ay Hop on the beat and they wanna see Bounce on my dick like it's easter, ay Stain in the sheet, she tasting my skeet I turned her ass to a believer ay Woah Yeah diamond flossin
SMS S.O.S I'll tell half the story you can go and tell the rest yeah Sorry lil' mama no I can't stay in the nest yeah Out here with my n****s and we runnin' up a check yeah Tell that ho to walk it out I've been movin' fast so I don't have no time to talk it out No I can't be last so I've been runnin' up a different route Lame fuck n****s tell these youngin's pull they pockets out
Godly gotta run in this shit like a stocking New Audi no more humble Makabi too cocky Mazi shakur I'm 2pocky Swear to your god like walahi Medusa Catch a wiggy for over announcing Fuck with the team you get Papi Blaka Poor Rappa can't stop me
Razr Bladez Ay, haha Smokin' my dope and my homies come through Gettin' so high, feels like I can't move I feel like Lil' Pump, I should flex like ooh 'cus I'm better than you Like why you motherfuckers set the bar so low? Quickscopin' you fuckers like it's Call Of Duty
If she got an issue All these fucking problems I ain't never miss you Left it out the song I ain't need to diss you Sending all the shots Empty clips out the pistol Yeah, tell her hit my phone
If she got an issue All these fucking problems I ain't never miss you Left it out the song I ain't need to diss you Sending all the shots Empty clips out the pistols Yeah, I been in my zone
I go to war like the navy Damm baby you look so wavy I don't know what to do I don't know what to say Don't wanna call you my bae Why she leave me Why she gotta go I got all the dough
Baby do not go Baby do not go what is you doing Baby what is you doing I've been out here on my lonely Why they be asking for me Even if they nothing on me Why do they act like the know me
I've been out here on my lonely Why they be asking for me Even if they nothing on me Why do they act like they know me I go to war like the navy Damm baby you look so wavy I don't know what to do I don't know what to say
All right first track of 20-19 Remember that Elizeth Remember that She can make it twerk she can make it clap She can do all of that And I'll still won't answer back Aye look at my wrist Ya Yk that shit drip
Diamonds bite down on meX8 Why you keep doubting me, I don't care I'm proud of me Why you keep clowning me, you gon see how hound I be You gon see how, how I got it in the bag You gon see how, Nassy get it in a flash You can see right now how we go right now You can see the smile on my face right now, Cause I'm off the loud and the dank right now, Opposite of down in this space right now Yeah I wanna get the coup, with the brains all out
And when we make a move, we don't scream we don't shout Yeah we wanna shoot at you, cause you're poppin at the mouth Yeah we wanna make a move, but you gonna make a sound Sound, gotta make a sound, Gotta make it loud, Gotta make it now, Gotta make a sound Diamonds bite down, Diamonds bite down on me Diamonds keep drown, Diamonds keep drowning me Diamonds lighthouse, Diamonds lighthouse on me Diamonds bite down on meX8
This bitch just told me she wanna do da shi, And now the bitch sayin, she don't wanna do da shi, like what type of shit is that ? Servin on the block yeah you know I do it Cook it till it's hot when I make the music Yeah I smoke a lot but I don't abuse it What I cook up at the spot they gon all abuse it Hey when we them knots we gon all abuse it, when we get them knots we gon all abuse itX2 Pull up to her spot and I make her do it, Say she got good top so I make her prove it, Bitches talk a lot but they never do it, Till they see the guap then they wanna move it Now they wanna move, now they wanna move it
Now they wanna groove, now they wanna groove it If she wanna be a slob then she gotta slob me You can't be a slob and expect some money Niggas givin up but they still want the earnings They ain't livin up to their own journey Servin on the block yeah you know I do it Cook it till it's hot when I make the music Yeah I smoke a lot but I don't abuse it
She got all that ass, she gon bring it back, she gon bring it back over this way hey She smoke all that gas yeah we livin fast she smoke all that gas bring it this way hey We gon the cash over this way hey Yeah I know you wanna mixtape but you gon have to wait And you know I got a big plate it ain't a number eight Yeah I walk around with bills in the building, niggas always tryna get a feel imma kill them I'm just tryna get a fucking deal for a million I know how to make people feel and I heal them
I just smoked a zip of that Camouflage Chameleon, Had it in my zig don't smoke gas around no children, We gon have to dip after we smoke out the buildin Like banana slip get the money and I'm peelin A scrub is a girl who can't get no love me, she just want my money, hangin on the passenger side of her best friends ride, trying to holler at me We gon the cash over this way hey We gon get the bag over this way hey Yeah I know you wanna mixtape but you gon have to wait And you know I got a big plate it ain't a number eight You know I got a big plate it ain't a number eight
Royal Blud You know what it is It's the K-A-M D-O-G Man can't bill up on a set like me It's the K-A-M D-O-G Still ask man "where's the love my G?"
All of the girl wanna be wifey Still I give them man a run for the P Man can't bill up on a set like me Still ask man "where's the love my G?" All of the girl wanna be wifey Still I give them man a run for the P Leicester City Junction 21
You can ask anyone who's anyone if Kam Dog's anyone They'll tell you loud and clear, that's a spliff and Evian Make it pop like Perignon Been about since day Them man came back for the renaissance I be the whole damn scene, can't we get along? What you man murk me? Steady on Keep the beat like a pacemaker
Kama and Mass, it's a game changer Get around town like a day saver Weatherman tour, family tree Ets and P, that's MTP Holler merch boys if you want a T Eight straight rhymes, mash up the scene Whole squad goin' to the Airbnb B-R-I, S to the T
Ruke oko tvog tela, to si htela Ko smo mi, a sta smo imali? Ma gde si nestala, tako si nestvarna Na jednom ramenu andeo zaspo je i rekao je da bolje bice Glavom na drugu naginjem, davo mi sapuce glasnije Kasnije, jasnije bice ti u snovima niceg Brani me, brani od svega i bicu opet ko prije Dobro znam kada dajem te Da i bar pola me nema i nemam gdje
Wellah ma rjal, hado ghi dkoura Ka3i 3la mhom, ga3 kano m3aya 3tithom demmi, ma tel3ouch rjal Ka3i 3la mhom, 7it machi rjal Wellah ma rjal, hado ghi dkoura Ka3i 3la mhom, ga3 kano m3aya 3tithom demmi, ma tel3ouch rjal Ch7al men wa7d kan m3ana, dart lwe9t w ga3 m ab9a
W bla ma tsowlna chkon li m3ana, 7it li m3ana howa li b9a 3echrani fel 7ez9a, homa 3echrani we9t sserf Jamais ma ybeddelni l'buzz, wella lflouss wella chi terf Dayman ana li jayb sserf, li 3endi f jibi n9essmo ga3 7it 3echrani nmout m3ahom, ya njou3o ga3 ya ncheb3o ga3 Wakha hakkak 9lil li b9aw, 3a9lin 3el khir a mama Ma tel3ouch rjal, ch7al men wa7d kan m3ana nigga Ketteblo Allah ymout f ness tri9, mektab Allah li kaytserref nigga
Kan khesni ne9telhom 7itach fake Kamlin fake, 3chiri mati9ch Tel3o fake, 9tel mhom Ra kamlin fake, 3chiri mati9ch Tel3o fake, gha 9tel mhom W bla ma t7awl dir li darou, la tsali b7alhom f ness tri9 W ghir khellik m3ana rajl, keber bina nkebbro bik Machi men douk nou3, li ybi3 rwa7hom b jouj dryal
Choppa , choppa, choppa Choppa, choppa , choppa, choppa Choppa , choppa, choppa Uh! Sicko , sicko, sicko , sicko, sicko Sicko, sicko My neck- Igloo , igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo
Igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo Igloo, igloo , igloo Ice , Ice, Ice, Ice, Ice Diamonds be white like rice Niggas be rats, mice Damn , damn Damn , damn , damn Damn , damn
Left hand on the wheel, huh Right hand on the steel, huh Niggas want me dead I already wrote my wheel Fucking up a sack Spent the sack on my grill Gotta truck and its tilt My bitch rich still might steal
'Cause she with that gutta shit Pop out, she might have to cut a bitch Lick on that dick like a chico Living your life like you typed in a cheat code Borrow the sint but don't spring just like biros Niggas out here really drinking the Kiro Bro really kill people just like he Teto Diamonds, they dancing like Ayo & Teo
Let me look close at your If its real gold then it won't rest Sicko , sicko, sicko , sicko, sicko Sicko, sicko My neck- Igloo , igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo Igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo , igloo, igloo Igloo, igloo , igloo
Hustling hope for dollars, try cope a day Articulatin' the hustle Gotta get to the top of the world through a jungle Lies guns and trouble Genuflectin' to stay humble Won't forget where I started when everything around me starts to crumble Articulatio I stop the world like Dio
Gotta pull your own weight like kilo And know when to be tranquillo Sheikah swag the hate we veto Jewels and drugs and bags of cheetos Yuh, Like a martyr you Killed it when you got power that you Like martyr you Killed it when you got that power you
Like martyr you Articulatin' the hustle Gotta get to the top of the world through a jungle Lies guns and trouble Genuflectin' to stay humble Won't forget where I started when everything around me starts to crumble Articulatio I stop the world like Dio
Gotta pull your own weight like kilo And know when to be tranquillo Sheikah swag the hate we veto Jewels and drugs and bags of cheetos Yuh, Like a martyr you Killed it when you got power that you Killed it when you got that power power -interlude-
High heels, something worth a half a ticket on my wrist Taking all the liquor straight, never chase that Rooftop like we bringing '88 back Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris High heels, something worth a half a ticket on my wrist Taking all the liquor straight, never chase that Rooftop like we bringing '88 back Where the bass at?
Spanish ho bounce on my dick Your bitch wanna fuck because my pockets fat, ooh Fuckin' that bitch from the back Her boyfriend won't chase, so you know that it's Blat Like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat" Blat, like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat" Your bitch wanna fuck because my pockets fat, ooh Fuckin' that bitch from the back
Her boyfriend won't chase, so you know that it's Blat Like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat" Blat, like, "Blat", like, "Blat", like, "Blat" I might just go pop a tag, talkin' that shit 'til we get on your ass I got the K in the bag, point at a fuck nigga, watch how he act All of these fuck niggas mad, I fucked on your bitch, now she callin' me Dad I might go cop me some boof, then get off my , I might shoot out the roof Niggas came like , 'cause I'm ballin' like the books
She like the way I talk Raf Simons 2002 Baby, this ain't from the mall Come around me, they say oh shit AKA I'm way too gorgeous Look at these feet, I got doun, bitch Smoking that leaf, you on conscious Pull up, I always look clean
These drugs make me insane, but I love the rush They wash away the rain But I'm freezing up, I need the sun When I'm on enough Will it ever change? Will I sober up? These drugs make me insane, but I love the rush They wash away the rain
But I'm freezing up, I need the sun I'm bleeding out If I give you my hand, are you reaching out? Or you leave me for dead, have me scream and shout? I'm sitting on the edge, who gon push me down? Oh you lookin out? Can you turn away? Feel like I'm burning out, I'ma turn a waste
I am not in right here Running in my floss like yeah I am not in right here Running in my floss like yeah Trapping in my floor like yeah Oooh I dont wanna live this lie No I do not run it quick Imma pop alotta mmm
Pop allota mmm Pop allota Pop allota mmm Way oh way oh way oh mmmm What am i worth to you Whats my worth to you Prove myself to you What do i got to do What do i got to lose
Ain't got nothing to lose I dont wanna lose I dont wanna lose you I dont wanna lose Try to seem for you I dont wanna lie I been getting high Lose you i dont wanna lose you why
Oh oh She wanna go outside, anywhere but with me I need a blunt right now, to help me falling asleep I'm always cold, face down, I don't want you to see That I'm a loser 'cause I'm crying while you tell me we'll be Okay I'm fucking lonely 'cause I'm fucking up everything I'll be like that 'til I die yeah, I'm depressed but it's fine
I'm killing the competition, I guess I'm killing myself & I never listen unless it's my intuition Some people'll a really do it, some people just into wishin' They be tryna ask me Why you never flashy Mr. "Fill a chapter with a verse and make it nasty" Know a couple people from my past tryna gas me This gas so loud that my voice pass raspy
And lastly, puff puff pass gotta ash me Dropped out fast but was never not classy Never not being me, never not Spazzy They would do the B&E, I was playin taxi I was stressing out & needed something to relax me. Maybe old money, old paper like they fax me Facts, they wanna see me flashing stacks So they can dash where I'm at putting straps to backs Facts
Need you Why did you go away See through Bleed through Need you Why did you go away See through Bleed through
"Please, allow me to show you something" I'm trapped in my mind tonight I'm trapped in my mind tonight I'm trapped in my mind... I'm ready to die, had a feeling it wasn't right I would kill them because they lied I'm so lost, I don't think they'll find I'm trapped in my mind...
Left My Arms To Be In Hers Wouldn't Wish No One This Hurt Claim I'm Creeping, Got Some Nerve Why You Treating Me Like Dirt This Is Not What I Deserve Several Times This Shit Occurred Now My Heart Feel Cold Like Burrr Why You Couldn't Keep Your Word
Getting Laughed At By These Birds I Just Wanted This To Work Call Me Crazy When I Lurk Can't Take The Pain And I Pop A Perk Drink Until My Vision Blurred Told Me That You'd Put Me First Will You Ever Quench Your Thirst? Jhene Aiko, You The Worst
How I'm The Worst? You Think I Wanted This Curse? You Think That I Was Unhurt You So Quick To Forget The Times That I Put You First You Need To Bump More Michael Jackson And Less Cardi B You Always In The Shower Singing Bout Be Careful With Me This Wasn't How It's Supposed To Be Instead You Out Starting A Family, Mufucka Please
Worst Thing I Ever Did Was Put You Before My Cheese Well Fuck It Without You I Don't Wanna Breathe This Supposed To Be Out Kodak Moment, What The Fuck Is This? I Ain't Tell You Cuz They Say Ignorance Is Bliss And I Know I'd Miss Your Kiss If You Leave Me Your Forgiveness Is All That I Need Push The "S" 2 Spots Back, That's My Only Wish Well Ain't That Some Shit
I've been alone, only listening to blues Cause ain't nobody that do what you do So baby I'm in love with you So shawty have u missed me? Cause I've missed you too I've been alone, only listening to blues Been a lil busy, sure that's no excuse So baby would you love me too?
Yeah Woah, Woah Yeah u can hold my hand We gon' see the sunset laying in the sand Pack all your shoes and come on, get in the van Imma make sure that this journey will never end So why you talking me like that? Live forever intensely and then die fast
That's that, I guess, I see you with the tye dye dress The sky is blessed, and so is me and you My best days ever are all with you I know sometimes I be shaky like soft tissue Better move, fuck it, 8 ball, yeah no miscues Time ain't a problem, I won't ever leave with this view Cause you the one the need, I swear I promise imma always be there
My bitch Jamaican and she hella thick Told her don't mistake this 30 with my dick I'm with khoyas rolling with them sticks She ain't know that I used to hit them licks Big bags have to pick it with a forklift Applying all this pressure t'ill they fucking forfeit Why he talking shit? tell me where he at I got his bitch and her friends in the back
Ice on me got me dressing like a Ice Climber Ice on me got me dressing like a Ice Climber I just pulled up with some twins and they into freaky shit Pussy on my lips do not squirt on the whip This that brand new leather What he does I do better Bad bunnies in every flavour They treat me like Hugh Hefner
Pull up, and take your bitch Whats up? you ain't doing shit She fell in love with the ice & the money Baby show how bad that you want me Got my highs & lows Ice got me feeling like i'm up in North Pole We used to heat ourself up with the stove Tote that 30 incase someone tryna break the codes
My aura way too strong it's hard to stay low Baby I'm equipped like Maha Vailo I got her so wet the room looking like an ocean Girl we gotta take it slow I be on that purple potion Diamonds dancing on me, bad bitches on me Brand names don't know what's on my body Put that pumpum on me when I run up I spend way too much time thinking about your body
Early morning dip before the sun up Had a good time baby but it's over Put that pumpum on me when I run up I spend way too much time thinking about your body Early morning dip before the sun up Had a good time baby but it's over I got purp & perks but I don't drink a lot I don't got a circle
Niggas really steady tryna take my spot I need girl who's hella bossed up when I'm not I got the shots, yeah you know I got the shots Yeah, uh, no middle guy I just get straight to the boss Yeah, uh, Diamonds on neck, try to guess how much it cost Yeah, uh, Tryna get M's I'm never taking no loss I spend way too much time thinking about it Thinking about it, thinking about -
It's like I want us to remain in like the balance that we created and I want us to be able to communicate" Ayy You're not really what I need You cut me way too deep And I hate that I have to lie to you You want me to believe The things you tell to me
But I'm slipping away and that's the truth You're not really what I need You cut me way too deep And I hate that I have to lie to you You want me to believe The things you tell to me But I'm slipping away and that's the truth Forever is a while but will you love me till the end?
Yeah you can take the moonlight but I'm shining till the end I remember when you told me you would be my only friend Now we're enemies and your energy is not the same You never fail to break my heart I knew that from the start, that we won't last forever and that we would drift apart Now I'm lonely, I miss when you would hold me My demons and vices are trying to control me In the stars, is where we are
Remember when I met you, wasn't tryna sweat you Now I'm gonna dress you, diamonds we can flex, too 'Cause we've been drinkin' all night, tryna get it all right Got me on my Trey Songz, baby I can't stay long I just wanna touch up on your body Promise you I will not tell nobody Goin' back and forth, yeah you got me in my feelings This our first time, let me show you what you missin'
This is your world I'm just livin' in it This is your world I'm just livin' in it 'Cause we've been drinkin' all night, yeah yeah yeah We've been drinkin' all night, yeah yeah yeah 'Cause we've been drinkin' all night, yeah yeah yeah Yeah I think I'm ready, i think I want you I think I love you, you know I got you Ain't tryna play no games with you
I'm tryna give my time to you 'Cause we've been drinkin' all night, tryna get it all right Got me on my Trey Songz, baby I can't stay long I just wanna touch up on your body Promise you I will not tell nobody Goin' back and forth, yeah you got me in my feelings This our first time, let me show you what you missin' You got me callin' up my daddy like
I don't wanna talk, please leave me alone Chemicals inside me but I'm still feeling prone Say that I ain't shit but you're just a lil' clone And you wanna take me down when I'm in my zone Woah, woah, I just wanna take it slow 2019 and I just wanna glo And I'm posted wit the gang and you motherfucking know And I'm crawling in the snow, and I'm crawling in the snow
Go and chase your dreams now My whole team lit now We don't even need a studio Need my tracks on the radio We made a lot of hits at the studio I count up my bands at the studio I need that's the way life goes My life is a movie, I play the staring role
I'm living my dream, this is not no joke Talk behind a screen, you don't want no smoke I don't fuck wit hoes Try to get the dough, swear thats all I know Try to get the dough, swear thats all I know Once you broke my heart, I went to the studio Put my pain on the verse through the microphone Beepity boopity boom, out the studio
Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, at the studio Know how much it cost me? I move how a boss be Then we take her shopping, cause my music is popping When I hit record, better be no talking Whats my next move? You know it ain't no small thing They held me down, my angels fall off of me If I fall down, will you still call for me?
She want me now, cause I got the sauce on me Lotta of memories at the studio I made a lotta hits at the studio Shawty wanna come through at the studio Go and chase your dreams now My whole team lit now We don't even need a studio Need my tracks on the radio
Oh, I'll be fine if you ready roll It's time to go back and shine I been on the grind ask me where the day go Now I'm back to shine brighter if I say so God standing with me on the main road I could hit em with the plain flow, better give them what they came for Most nights I been staying up but what do they know They think that I'm crazy, but they don't know where the rain goes no
It's time to go back, no weekends off or rollbacks just know that I gotta hold that, show em the Savior don't lack with no slack Time to pick yo and go without a roadmap and all that This here talk not for show I'm speaking all facts in all caps yeah Can I get another round too? Living water I'm allowed two I was busy trying to lay low then God told me I must now move I been working since He showed me how to Let my light shine before those who didn't know but now do
Lyrics by Guru Bhai Har rapper chahata naam daam ho Paisa or jubaan lo Sarkar ne sadak tkdhi sivrage ka pipe dala nahi Barish k kichadh se log mare enko farak pada nahi Sarjari guitaar baja nahi,logo ka damru baja rahi Kyuki election me meri soch jaisa shayd koi khada nahi Mera ganv chota bhai yaha chillar me kamai hai
Umar me lambai hai,Mata ladna sikhai par doori se bhalai hai Maine kya kiya 5 saal, Rap jaruri ya roti daal Yahi tha sawal dimag me youtube ka aoko pata haal 5 saal baad youtube ki pehli income aai fir Rang me dubaye apnee baal or badla apna chaal dhaal Sangram kiya din sham, dhund raha mai koi hajam Jo khub surat kare meri kalam,le chale mujhe mere mukaam Pachtate, kabhi sharmate aate jate kuch kehna chahte
Cha jate hum, subhha nahate gano se hum shoor machate Bujhate dil ki aag jab khate gate paisa kamate Hasate,darate, khate, gaate unko khinch k chante lagate VERSE 3 Mai chahta na kisi ki mai dhulai karu Burai kar k na mai kamai karu Na jhuti bato ko gola golai karu Na time pass jo mai ruswai karu
PHLEXN I hit Avianne, I bought me a link He got me drippin' harder than a sink Not to mention, I pulled up in a Mink I could care less what a bitch got to say I'm goin' up, bitch, I'm gettin' paid Catch me on tour, thirty thousand a day Sauvage by Dior, this a hundred a spray
Sauvage by Dior, it help me get laid Sauvage by Dior got me smellin' real great Comethazine probably fucked her in her face I'm leanin' real hard, got a show and I'm late Comethazine show, so it's going to be great He said he want smoke, got a show in his state Got sticks on the bus, we not fuckin' with planes Pull out the Draco, send shots at your brain
So I did Shawty mad because I didn't call her back So I did I don't really want to cut a nigga neck Run up on me funny you will get the tech Tuck a nigga in at night Don't let the bugs bite I don't like it I just tolerate you to a certain level
Look at that ass, look at that ass Look at that ass, look at that ass Why you gotta dress like that? Why you gotta flex like that? Why you gotta act like that? Why you gotta dress like that? Why you gotta flex like that? Why you gotta act like that?
Look so good, bitch so bad, she so thick, I was like, "Damn" A-O-D, I was at sand, throwin' them bands, bitch go H.A.M Left cheek, right cheek, damn, she do it Now she single, damn, I knew it Throwin' that back, she gon' twerk, tell her friend hold her purse On IG, they gon' search, hating ass hoes, they gon' lurk Little ass waist , and a fat ass Smell real good with her bad ass
She too bad, look at that face Kill these hoes, catch your case Look too good, they gon' chase Squat and it's fat Hands on her lap Damn, look at that Need no nigga, she don't play She in school, got a BA
Got a bad bitch try fifty I could take your bitch dont let me Ive been feeling down please help me Riding round town in a bentley Got a bad bitch try fifty I could take your bitch dont let me I can really do it if I wanna Ima go out and smoke marijuana
Drug pop shawty cause it makes her stronger Join her coz I hate my life being sober But I dont really take it Told me take the red pill Took 'em both no matrix Ima take my perc Feeling high like a spaceship Woah-oh
"hey... so I know you're probably not expecting this but... happy birthday! I mean im still out right now and I know its too late to come and see you But I could come and see you when I wake up! Wait what you mean you don't wanna see me... I love you, I really do love you... All that shit before didn't mean anything I promise, there wasn't even another guy Involved, it was all to get back at you I dont know what I was getting back at you for, you never did anything wrong, i'm sorry
I SAID IM SORRY, what else do you expect No dont hang up on me I didn't mean to get mad, look lets just talk How is there nothing to talk about, one minute you keep hitting up my phone Constantly and now you dont wanna know me at all? This shit ain't fair I just wanna see you... Ohh you got a new girl now I see how this shit be Damn well i guess i'll leave you be You know what matter of fact fuck you, fuck what we had
Yeah, that girl deserve a grammy Yeah, she thick, call her brandi Shawty look so good without her panties Pussy heat, like miami Fucking on this bitch, now she wanna call me daddy Rubbin on my dick, but she blame it on the xanny Percocet brain, say she eat it like it's candy Fuck her till she sing and think that ho deserve a grammy
Baby, you be lookin fine, let me get you on the sofa Hit it from behind, arch her back, she doin yoga Give her , when she high off the doja Feel like i'm on fire, when she ride on the cobra Nascar Aloe A.K.A. young Carolina Soldier A.K.A. Young I Don't Even Remember Being Sober T'd up in the techy with a becky off the yoda I be smokin gas you be smokin on that obra
Yeah, that girl deserve a grammy Yeah, she thick, call her brandi Shawty look so good without her panties Pussy heat, like miami Fucking on this bitch, now she wanna call me daddy Rubbin on my dick, but she blame it on the xanny Percocet brain, say she eat it like it's candy Fuck her till she sing and think that ho deserve a grammy
Nascar Aloe A.K.A. i just want the check Baby, throw some neck, i'm not staying for no sex I just want the bands, ion even wanna flex Swervin in the techy cause i ain't afraid to wreck Standing On Vacant on my body They won't copy but a youngin hella flossy Japanese baby off the molly Gimme sloppy mix the lean up with the Saki
Off-White on my shoelace this ain't shoelace Bitch, it's two face, if you miss me, well it's too late Bitch, i'm sippin on that aloe, ain't no Kool-Aid Ho's is funny keep the money in my suitcase Gosha Rubchinskiy on my camo While you showin off yo gumba got no ammo Smokin big blunts, look like candle Number 9 up on my feet you rockin sandles
Bilo je tesko, sad mi je smesno Sta se desilo za jednu noc, za jednu noc? Za jednu noc , daj mi to Bilo je tesko, sad mi je smesno Sta se desilo za jednu noc, za jednu noc? 3AM, u gradu ljudi bleje, il' su strejt ili MDMA Kolima lutam, jer trazim samo tebe Zaljubljen u malu sto nocu pravi evre
Skenjala me ko da slusam Weeknd, zbunila ko Dalijeve slike Uskoro joj kuci salje snimke, ove noci poludecu zbog klinke Za jednu noc , daj mi to Ko tropska od papaja te gleda se krsti raja 2Bona, Gazda Paja, ne, ne fajka losha Maja Belvedere, Belvedere, ne sum prints no sum za tebe Dojdi, dojdi na moj teren, edna nok e nema vreme Imame li problem, imam bar za nego
Pred vremeto sum uvek nema takvo tempo Od galama ne te slusham, ne gledam u dzhekot Sakash da me vidish, pishi mi vo chekot Za edna nok ti si lutka den i nok Seksi mama, JLO, Colombiana, lay low Sme razlika ko den i nok, brojkite se merilo Pola u shtek za dvosedno i se shto nemav porano Komfortsana tsimam S klasa
BB Simon collar on your neck, watch it strangle you I be ballin' off a Percocet when I think of you If I'm a angel, you're a angel too, demon, I can't hang with you Spider droptop, chop the roof so I can see you move BB Simon collar on your neck, watch it strangle you I be ballin' off a Percocet when I think of you I cry every time I think of you I'm off a acid so I'm dancin' in the loom
I try, I try to be like you I wanna love like you 'cause you're a angel too This a angel clubhouse, I can't let you in I'm waitin' in the grass, spiders on my skin I just wanna bust down, diamonds on my wrist Tear drops on my wings, crying in the whip Angel clubhouse, lighthouse, I can't see shit Twenty witches wanna fuck me, give me potion
Me and my girl bang that bank, taking shot She said "don't bring a gun", but i got to do it Just in case a n-gg-r wanna act stupid N-gg-rs starring at me like a fucking grouch Mad at me 'cause i'm standing on the fucking couch I thought this was a club, you n-gg-rs love me The way they monk you would think i said i'm c-ck fed Footprints on the chair got the loius out
Loius change found the words of my lowest pal Got my diamond dazing like chris brown It's only right, 'cause these hoes looking at me now More problems 'cause i got more money She suck me off, told her friends that she blow money Pull up to the club at twelve a'clock Me and my girl bang that bank, taking shot She said "don't bring a gun", but i got to do it
Just in case a n-gg-r wanna act stupid It's always one n-gg-r tryin' to fuck it up Lot of hoes, but he's still trying to fuck it up Bottles in a bucket sitting at a table Got a bad bitch sitting at my table Said she got a man, oh, you got a label? Plug, turn it to a bedroom sh-tstove What? 'cause i'm the shit, man, bought a pistol
Bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda Bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda Whip it through the glass, nigga I'm blowin' money fast, nigga Blowin' money fast, nigga I'm in love with I'm in love Whip it through the glass, nigga
If you like me then kill me pussy If you don't like me then kill me nigga If you don't like me then kill me bitch If you don't like me then kill me pussy If you don't like me then kill me bitch If you don't like me then kill me pussy I rock gold like a pharaoh bitch Redbone thick like she Jorja Smith
Call your troops or just call it quits Chopper singing like chorus bitch Broad day leave him leaking Fraud niggas get control, alt, then deleted Squad deep like a legion Squash, leave 'em all in pieces rinse and then repeat it Locked in, I'm undefeated Your broad played sherrades acting single in my DM
They hating I'm winning with shawdie They buzzing ma phone on a high on a low They talking they claiming know me Be careful I want all the trophies They hating I'm winning with shawdie They buzzing ma phone on a high on a low They talking they claiming know me 1st : Verse
They talking they claiming they know me Zero Seven Five Double O Six I told these niggas I'm an O.G G.O.D is what the bitches they call me They talking they claiming they know me Zero Seven Five Double O Six I told these niggas I'm an O.G G.O.D is what the bitches they call me
Five Bitches wanna Fuck Ten Bitches wanna Suck Five Bitches down for me All them Bitches wanna die for me Bitches on Bitches on Bitches Man I love all ma bitches Bitches on Bitches on Bitches Five Bitches wanna Fuck
Yeah My set hit your mans Like he know he gotta, talk Keep tabs on your hood like a Jedi sky whole block Bout to run up your city I hate stunin' when the sound Pull up at the bright stop Used to run up KD's whole shop
So when we touch You don't even know its non-stop When we comin' right back Ringin' up a whole mob Hear the talk on the road Know your number be on call block Ain't felt the pressure in a lil while I'm fort knox
Told my lil sis how to stay low when a door knock When we jet-leg When we brief case Yeah My set hit your mans Like he know he gotta, talk Keep tabs on your hood like a Jedi sky whole block Bout to run up your city
I hate stuntin' when the sound Pull up at the bright stop Used to run up KD's whole shop I be trana recollect So she got up with crop-top Ay Take shots, Bulletproof up a whole box Now I gotta head home for Glock pop
Yeah, Money Gang Farid Bang, du bist crazy Yeah, ah Sono corrente elettrica, se tocchi muori Italian O.G., oggi faccio money, money A cena con Yakuza, mangio Yakitori Pussy tight, Midori, chupa chupa come un lolly', lolly' Rollie in oro bianco, braccio fuori, fuori
Sono tutto pompato col mio flow, Kenshiro 24/7 resto il meglio rapper Tu sei uno studio gangster solo per le dirette Non mi e mai piaciuta la ziapoli, poli Esco e vado fuori, bevo Stoli, Stoli Grazie, ma no, grazie, sorry, but not sorry Gue Peq' presidente come Rollie, Rollie I soldi non mi cambiano, io cambio i soldi
E, fra', non cambia niente, sempre ballin' ballin' Grazie, ma no, grazie, sorry, but not sorry Gue Peq' presidente come Rollie, Rollie Rollie, Rollie Rollie, Rollie Millionar, so wie Dybala Und ich brauche kein'n Mittagsschlaf Weil ich locker bis drei Uhr mittags schlaf', ah
Kann schon sein, dass ich bald Kylie Jenner bums' Mein' nicht dein Social Media, wenn ich sag', ,,Die Seiten sind auf null" Paparazzis, Kamerateams Ich komme wie Badr Hari Legende wie Frank Ribery Oder wie Muhammad Ali Edelfotzen und Sidechicks Mein Lebensmotto ist: ,,Bleib' rich"
Schlagworter sind fur mich Nur ,,Lebercross" oder ,,Highkicks" Ich bin Corleone Sieht Beyonce mein'n Dick, sagt sie: ,,Holy Moly" Du machst Werbung fur das beste Cafe Ich mach' zwei Millionen Umsatz, sechste KW Esco e vado fuori, bevo Stoli, Stoli I soldi non mi cambiano, io cambio i soldi
Vin direct din cartier, deci am suflet de otel O sa vezi cand ma dau jos din limuzina Nu vreau in parnaie chiar daca sunt crima Pizda ta mi-o suge pana ma termina Scop penalu', penalu' din dosar Scoate penaru', penaru' din ghiozdan Noteaza data, numele si fac 2 numere Un oral si un normal, cam asa fac tarfele
Comenteaza, comenteaza pana iti rup buzele Spui ca fumezi benzene coae, de fapt fumezi frunzele Nu o sa ma ai niciodata, te apuca spumele Focu', focu' Arde-n casa totu' Scoate coxu' si cioata din ghiozdan Fac trapu' si banu' ca nu-l am Pizdele astea ma vorbesc, cu fratii mei cu care ies
Knowin I cannot swim but You still throw me in the wata' And now I'm drownin Im dyin Why you throw me in the wata' I can't even swim no But you still throw me in the wata' You a spawn of the Devil
Why you throw me in wata' I coulda died lil hoe But you still throw me in the wata" Do you even care? I can't swim, no I can not swim GUCCI GAZPACHO no I can not swim I can't, I can't, I CANNT
I CANT EVEN SWIM I CANT EVEN SWIM OWWW I can't, I can't Im drownin Ohh Im drownin yeah Im drownin now Im drownin now
Tomi funny ay Tomi funny Tomi funny ay Tomi, tomi That nigga mel.. Fucking smells like shit ok You ain't gon' get that shit You ain't gon' get that shit nigga!
Ay, I cannot relax Came up from the bottom, knew I had to get a bag Ay, I just got a bag Talkin' down on everybody, but you can't relapse, yeah Ay, you need to relax, yeah I just got a milli' and they told me to relax Ay, I cannot relax Told me to relax but you know that I just can't do it
Been here since a kid but the whole time I made men music I was speakin' through it to an empty room I really knew it was coming soon They would all hate on my destiny but all they did was just pick and choose I don't follow rules, I got bigger tools For a bigger man and a bigger dude Pick at you with a stick or two, got shotta flows, I kick at you Now look, I got more food in a bigger group in a bigger room
Don't hate on what you can't be See me and you, we got different rules like, ay Ay, N-Y to the R, dad left and we had to leave, so that only started to spark 'Cause he got a stealing problem, don't nobody wanna know bout' the purp Till' nobody trust you, when this shit fall a few under the dirt Had a TV and a DVD right next to the 360 Swear to god if you steal from me once more Then we all come into your door with some handcuffs
For your ugly, tell em' I'm on something Pull up with your ugly friends and I swear to god we got you all rounded I just got a milli' and they told me to relax, yeah Came up from the bottom, knew I had to get a bag Ay, I just got a bag Talkin' down on everybody, but you can't relapse, yeah Ay, you need to relax, yeah I just got a milli' and they told me to relax, ay
Your heart cold as winter nights I can't spring to help you Your heart cold as winter nights With nobody there to help you I left you in the summer time But you still let me fall down Left you in the summer time I can't spring to help you
Lage teri baatien bekar bol na bol na mujhy tu kuch bhi Lage teri baatien bekar bol na bol na mujhy tu kuch bhi Sunu bas khud ki varna rahunga mei kabhi bhi khush ni I'm chasing my dreams Aur isiliye shayad bandi ni meri Par Inhe lage banti ni meri Han Doghle bando se banti ni meri Ese logon ko, fuck ni deta
Bas karta hun kaam mai Ghaddi mei meri waqt nahi bilkul bhi Bullshitt Cheezon ke liye Ignoring is the best option In jese beejon ke liye Tension ni leta mei sar pe Tension ko kaatu mei daadh se Hiphop bje mere ghr pe
Sunna shuru kia 3rd se Tabse hi khelun mei words se Tabse karra hun mei wordplay Kitaabon se jaada khule laptop Gharwale kehty rehty padle Assignments pury ni hue Par gaana mujy aaj hi banana hai College jaun, kabhi kabhi
Tell me what you need Tell me what you want Or Just move Move Move Thumbing through the tracks, you been runnin through my mind Still I'm based all the time still I'm based all the time Doubling at last, got em waiting in a line
You get chased all the time you get chased all time I could tell, I could tell No I never met another like yourself Introduce you to my mother she'd be proud of me You know I'm only here to do what you allowing me So lets move Move until your body feel the groove and all the bodies in the room Just zoom out, til its only you and me and we moving to the beat
Lets move Move until your body feel the groove and all the bodies in the room Just zoom out, til its only you and me and we moving to the beat In sync, and we can't help it In sync, and we can't help it Lights flashing, high fashion, the right passion, that we never masking Act like the night is everlasting, you never know it might be if we ask it Lets get back to basics, left right two step, move it back adjacent
Distant if you have the patience, missed it then get back the placement But when she really feel it she be right on every beat Even ones they never see, She look good, you're telling me? And we can't help it Tell me what you need Just move Lets move Now let me kick something realer, I hate the filler, pass the j like dilla
Go Grizz Pop my clip and click clack Pull up, push your shit back Ain't got no time for chit chat Just holla if you need that Ain't 'bout dollars, get no text back Packs, you know I flip that Already had my setbacks
I pull up with the big bag I pull up with the big bag, big bag I pull up with the big bag, big bag That broke shit, I'm not with that Since y'all love lettin' y'all lips flap Go tell 'em that that bitch back This money still comin' fast So quick, Ben Frank got whiplash
These diamonds in my necklace Watch and bracelet look like chipped glass Who playin' with your bitch ass? That's smoke for sure you get that This new Range it just sprint pass I'm crazy with my rich ass We not the same, that's big facts This pussy should be gift wrap
Then I get so much paper, sometimes I feel like I print that Pop my clip and click clack Pull up, push your shit back Ain't got no time for chit chat Just holla if you need that Ain't 'bout dollars, get no text back Packs, you know I flip that Already had my setbacks
I pull up with the big bag Now all you bitches big mad Just 'cause I went and got cash I been there and I done that It's 20 bands, yeah, run that My jewels hit like "pat, pat" Runnin' through a new batch Fendi, I done did that
Ouu damn boy we doing drugs Yeah nigga we popping pills sippin hennesy Taking drugs everyday and every night Ye we drug addicts we gonna do drugs till we die Ye we smoking that loud you feel me? Pop 10 beans in one night Sippin hennesy thats all right Sniffing cocaine ouu thats okay
Pop 10 beans in one night Sippin hennesy thats all right Sniffing cocaine ouu thats okay Pop sixty xans with the hennesy I feel Im gonna die Im in the other world Im talking to the GOD Im in the other world Im talking to the GOD God say to me fuck it I"ll leave you alive
I go bless you with my Godzilla Baby me I no be John Bull I go fight for your love like a Django Tell me wetin you want do I go do anything wey you want do Make I be your Supernova I go buy you things from Fashion Nova I no go do you Jangolova
I go bless you with my Godzilla Make I be your Supernova I go buy you things from Fashion Nova Love it when you bend down, bend down, pause All the girls thema give you, big applause Girl you no be Shitor you be sauce All my family must like you by force Baby me I no go, go funny because the love wey you give me girl e over me
I Asked the people the same thing They looked at me crazy Then they asked me "who are you?" I replied, "I don't know" I've Been looking for you on the tallest hills And I've been searching for you in the deepest sea Seeking you in People but i ain't Got you Still Till I took a look right here Inside of me
Then I found you, I found you right here, waiting for me My Peace of Mind was inside the people Then I took a brief look Inside of me This type of feeling should be Illegal cuz this shit feel I won a lottery I was walking through businessmen With this gold waiting for a robbery And if Your Peace of Mind is Inside the
You a dyte She look right Won't be in sight He said what who? Cold sight Shark bite Shuge knight You can't come outside your curfew gotta light yeah
You can't get respect yo nigga gotta fight huh You can't get her number lil shawty got sum might yuh You be wearing niggas belts smelling like rub You be saying you got bitches got no lights dub You a pussy you be shooting missing lights yuh You be posting straps acting like you right yuh Herd you ran elm street dis a nightmare Dont post that picture nigga cause thats not yo shit
Run that bih up like a track meet, mmm Run that bih up like a track meet, mmm Gimme the pack and I might tax that She gotta fatty, I might tap that Gimme your addy, we pullin' up to your pad And then we gon' pull out the rattle and go click-clack, ooh I ride that bih like a boat with a sail on it She suck my dick, then I bail on her
I got a pack in the box that says mail on it Open it up and then sell it all I'm from the street, man, I feel like Sesame, uh All of these thotties, they wanna have sex with me, uh Whip it and flip it, I know the recipe, remember me Y'all niggas been sleeping and now you texting me, mmm She ride my dick like a skateboard, ew I gave her Xanax, she might deep throat
I got my tool straight from Home Depot, chyeah Lit pimpin', wrist pimpin', whip pimpin', shit, okay Piss on my wrist, yellow diamonds, yeah they sick, okay Run through his crib when there's nobody home And then take everything that he own, ayy My niggas got all them poles, ayy 30 round drum at your nose, ayy Niggas, they don't want no beef
Dil: You do you man, i'm just the button guy SK: I'm just making sure you-this is crazy, I feel like I- I'm usually doing more you know? Dil: Yeah This so overdue But it's still my point of view so Thought that I was over you Now I don't know what to do Cuz with you
Know one thing is true Always put you first fuck what I was going through Yeah before I was on top now i'm steady feeling blue Had to trust you with my heart and you gave it back in two Aye I've been gone for like ten days Now you wanna go and run it up And I saw you last wednesday
In the club tryna fuck it up Fuck what all of your friends say I'm the hottest nigga comin' up Yeah, look, okay Party at my house every weekend niggas go insane All these haters mad if they were poppin' they would do the same Chillin' at my crib Wit yo girl
And she know my name Guess one thing is true, with these hoes some things never change Ain't no fucking game This so overdue But it's still my point of view so Thought that I was over you Now I don't know what to do Cuz with you
Know one thing is true Always put you first fuck what I was going through Yeah before I was on top now i'm steady feeling blue Had to trust you with my heart and you gave it back in two Nothing left to prove yeah Should've seen this coming man I swear this nothing new yeah This one really hurt cuz I thought I really knew yeah I cannot fuck with no bitch in this shit if she wanna come back when I'm rich
Jack: What!? Dude come on I wanna watch more anime. Eva's on. Okay but hear me out- SweetJP: Dude shut up lets go Jack: *sight* okay SweetJP/Foley: Waddup my chicken wa-a-a-a-ang! SweetJP: Sup dick Jack: Hi Foley SweetJP: You got everything Foley: Yup
SweetJP: You got your skate piece SweetJP: Brews? Foley: Check muthafucking please SweetJP: Alright bitch let's get going, Jack get in the trunk Jack: Ooooohh I'll get in the trunk Foley: You know what I'm excited to do? SweetJP: What? Foley: Shotgun a, what?
SweetJP: Shotgun a, who? SweetJP/Foley: Shotgun a beer, shot-shotgun a beer... Officer PB: Hey hey hey, I'm office poop-on-balls, uh, Dargl poop-on-balls. Do you know how fast you were going back there? How handsome you were going back there? SweetJP: Sorry officer, we weren't really paying attention- Office PB: Way too handsome that's how much, definitely way over the state limit. Where you fellas going, that you gotta be so handsome for? SweetJP: Uh, we're going to Dally in the alley, it's like this, dally, but in an alley Foley: Yeah kinda like in an alley SweetJP: Yeah in an alley
It's Being about a minute since I've been taken for granted You took the key out my soul & then left me out for stranded I'm on the move You laughing at me & that's your excuse girl You wanted the truth You couldn't bare me & now I'm confused girl
We going at the beast ride Never get no peice right Tell 'em what it be like You know we get no sleep right So we got the cheap ride Tell 'em what it be like There's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from A hundred shells ripped off from out the K-drum
Straight from the slums, I'm riding with my day ones Goons salute like, "Hello!", waving the gun Smokin' aces, open cases, broken language Oh jeez, taking straight sides with no chases No respect, no love, so there's no favors Got a brand-new bag filled with old paper Now separate the left in the gross Never boasts, weapon blows for whoever approach
If you don't know the cole that is pressing your dome Never old dough, 9 out of 10, the special will blow Better question what you reppin like "is this your man?" You probably never know until shit hits the fan This is the plan, got business to plan You know we tryna eat right Homies in the street life So we holding heat like
We going at the beast ride Never get no peice right You know we get no sleep right So we got the cheap ride Bodies gettin' dropped on front street Day in the life they say its life They ain't say it was right When the plug's started paying the price
Might make a nigga grab the drill then Catch some niggas lined outside of the building They ain't give it up, he decided to kill them Broad daylight, in the eyes of the children I ain't gotta tell 'em it's real Them numbers on the gangster state big compell 'em to squeal Can't save 'em, can only try to help 'em to heal I feel your pain, I was raised in the same drama
myN mndy hN khh chngy hN myN mndy hN khh chngy hN myN SHb tyhddy bndy hN ghly lwkh jnn dywny myN rng syN dy rngy hN myN rng syN myN rng syN dy rngy myN rng syN dy rngy hN
myN rng mwl dy myN rng mwl dy rngy hN sjn myry khhyN wich wsd sjn myry khhyN wich wsd myN glyN phrN tshngy hN khhy Husyn fqyr nimnrr myN wr chngy nl mngy hN myN - myN wr chngy nl mngy hN
myN wr chngy nl mngy myN rng syN dy rngy ghwm chrkhrr chrkhrr ghwm chrkhrr chrkhrr ghwm chrkhrr sy'yN d tyry khtn wly jywy khtn wly jywy ghwm chrkhrr
chrkhrr ghwm chrkhrr sy'yN d tyry khtn wly jywy chrkhrr ghwm chrkhrr ghwm chrkhrr sy'yN d hr dm nm snbhl sy'yN d hr dm nm snbhl sy'yN d t tuwN suthr thywyN hr dm nm smbhl sy'yN d
t tuwN suthr thywyN pnjN ndyN dy mwnh ay khitt twN chhy jywy w khtn wly jywy myN rng syN dy myN rng syN dy myN rng mwl dy rngy hN myN rng mwl dy rngy
ghwm chrkhrr sy'yN ghwm chrkhrr sy'yN w mwl! utth fryd suty dny wykhhn j jy khwy'y ml jy bkhshy, twN wy bkhshy j mwl! mwl! `ly mwl! `ly mwl!
sddhy yr dy ghrrwly bhrdy swhny yr dy ghrrwly bhrdy sddhy yr dy ghrrwly bhrdy swhny yr dy ghrrwly bhrdy `ly `ly `ly `ly ikh mwl khlwN myN ddrdy myN tyr bnd tuw hy myr mwl syy'N
I been trying get it on my own I been digging way down low Look like I'm out here all alone You not the only one I know I been trying get it on my own I been digging way down low Look like I'm out here all alone I know that you heard it
But I've been out here searching no ohh Got peace of mind but no peace of mind I need a sign every single time I wanna get better But who going put me together no Coz man its now or never And I know Your love and that's only all I need oh oh See you the move
And It's a shame I didn't noticed it before And whose to blame you see these pieces on the floor And all the chaos and still here I am Asking you to simply light my heart on fire If it was easy I'd be lyin I know you see me out here trying no And I feel Your love wonder if You're all I need oh All this time you thought you were alone God called you ohh
Told that bitch I'm the wave count up the hundreds to just ease the pain Lil nigga get paid I was just down and broke and that shit was a shame Young nigga get paid now that I'm up all these bitches in my face Told them get out my way and my team eating good talking lobster with the steak Run through that chicken last nigga that spoke on me he missing And you know where I'm at , keep a 40 on me man I never lack Young demon straights facts from philly lil nigga your ass get wack Run up that check , diamonds me yeah I know how to flex
Fuck a car we in jets taking trips wit the bros just to say we relax Cash calling that's a M I just need one no nobody else Couple homies they ride turn your head swear to god they got slime Move on my type time niggas talking crazy shots fire mama crying Rollie on no time rip shaq that shit hit me every time My gang we live said all my diamonds straight cold talking ice Said all my diamonds straight cold talking ice Flooded Patek, all my diamonds my shit is straight wet
Trust a soul cause these niggas straight rats When I walking I'm stepping straight rafts We want smoke where them niggas they at All my niggas they holding them techs I am prazsy the wave and allat Talking out of your head crack Getting money while you sit on your ass Only 6 hella bands on my lap no key push start get back
And I'm riding 200 hunnit on the dash yeah And I'm riding 200 hunnit on the dash And I'm riding 200 hunnit on the dash Told that bitch I'm the wave And I'm talking that cash Broke boy can't relate And I'm talking that cash Broke boy can't relate
***** think he better, he is wrong ***** try to up my level he gone hit a dome I'm my higher self let me sit up on my throne I ain't got nobody but alone syndrome ***** think he better, he is wrong ***** try to up my level he gone hit a dome I'm my higher self let me sit up on my throne I ain't got nobody but alone syndrome
Chal Diya Kudi Ki Duty Pe Phisal Gaya Re Hath Se Munda Daal Mein Kaala Hai... Haan.. Haan... Sharam Tang Di Khutti Pe Chal Diya Kudi Ki Duty Pe Phisal Gaya Re Hath Se Munda Daal Mein Kaala Hai...
Ajab Gajab Ka Chakkar Hai Ayiashi Mein Ghanchakkar Hai Fashion Mein Bigdail Huaa Pada Akal Pe Taala Hai... Arey Dekh Ke Iske Chaal Chalan Mera Mind To Confuse Hai... Munde Da...Haan Munde Da Sade Munde Da Character
Loose Hai..Loose Hai Munde Da Character Loose Hai... Haan Sade Munde Da Character Loose Hai..Loose Hai Munde Da Character Loose Hai... Haan Munde Da Character Akhiyon Se Akhiyan Milane De Sohniye Ve Main Ta Tera Crazy Ho Gaya
Jhappiyan Te Pappiyan Paane De... Arey Uski Wo Parjayi Hai Isme Kya Burayi Hai Bhool Gaya Sab Dharam Karam Yeh Mann Ka Kaala Hai... Arey Dekh Ke Iske Chaal Chalan Mera Mind To Confuse Hai Ae Ae... Munde Da Haan Munde Da
Sadde Mundey Da Character Loose Hai.. Loose Hai Haan Sadde Munde Da Character Loose Hai... Loose Hai Haan Munde Da Character Dil Tere Bin Kahi Lagta Nahi Oye Aashiq Hai Koyi Chor Nahin Dil Pe Koyi Zor Nahin
Mausam oon Ki Baarish Ho Jaane De... Aaye Haye Haye Ye Aankho Ka Dhokha Hai Ya Puttar Mera Khota Hai Are Dekh Ke Iske Chaal Chalan Mera Mind To Confuse Hai ae ae.. Munde Da...Haan Munde Da Sade Munde Da Character Haan Sade Munde Da Character
Man, we're all caged in can't grow our fucking wings, yuh Ay, yuh Society's a problem, couldn't even solve a lawyer Lawnmower, hoovering 'bove the towns of adolescence annoyings Adapting to the future and then laping out on rooftops I'm ruthless Just like that brandnew scooter, kid Everyday feeling sicker like a shooter kid
For real though I'm runnin' out in traffic Not laughing But tracking, all the enemies called by the front of remedies Remember me, like Kennedy Not a president but my face still represents Money, cents Innocents People die, people suffer
Imma have to tell a bitch to stop it It's the last time Imma have to blast off in the rocket Imma have to go and pay the rent I'm getting money now Hard to stop a moving train I came to shut it down All this money make it rain
I'm never coming down I just bought a brand new wraith I'm finna run the town I just started in this game And now I need a crown Xanies got me going cray The purple slow me down Got my shooters taking aim
They gonna run you down So much drip on me Don't get too close you'll prolly drown I heard y'all ain't got no jobs You'll do great as clowns Imma have to tell a bitch to stop it Imma have to blast off in the rocket Imma have to go and pay the rent
Kanjiw kandiro la guerre contre l3ettaya che3lo l3afya Va niquer ta mere sir gollihom fuck you Kanjiw kandiro la guerre contre l3ettaya che3lo l3afya Va niquer ta mere wa sir gollihom fuck you Va niquer ta mere wa sir gollihom fuck you Hermano que pasa, lbare7 fi Madrid wel yoma fi Casa F7al lghorba f7al lblad, dima roujoula nta chetina katssel Dar w 7ouma hana jay, 3chiri 9oli chni kayn
Kay3erfo Dandani kaykherbe9 f ze9a ki hnaya ki lhih 3arfin chenni kayn Khouti cousins dayra business, Ma khasnich sata khasni business Ma khsenich amigo mucha gracias No quiero amigo, yo quiero plata No quiero baby Yo quiero l3a9a Sa7bi va niquer ta mere sir gollihom fuck you
Va niquer ta mere sir gollihom fuck you Daba kolchi bayn yo, jme3hom kamlin fuck y'all Dawi f dahri nta 3ettay, niquer mok fuck you Ghberna kolchi wela baghi yban s7i7 Lmalik ghay3ich, lbyade9 ati7 Khelles l3a9a la baghini m3ak Solta wel mal motherfuck Dima anarchie bang bang
All the pretty hoes know Gillette Razor Sharp She cut a check because know ima flex Shabba Ranks swag on money in the bank White girls huffing on a tank Please stop hating on me Cause I am what you ain't Guess who stepped in the paint
Joel Embiid smoking on gank Captain jack sparrow got her walking my plank Ain't on the wave it's a fuck you You bad wit the brain ima cuff you Bad wit the brain ima cut you Off like a limb then touch you Pop a lil e and drop Momma go lean and drop
Party go mean and drop Stuntin must come with a title cause eve hopped on my wave that's a tidal Eve ate the last apple im title So that must mean I don't have a rival I'm the truth put my hand on the bible I will not loose to a hater I'm Michael Fly as a angel and idol American made for survival I got the rifle Taking shots til I'm on one
Some guys do they really wanna miss you Didn't really wanted that 10 games I don't really wanna get to Not a minute out of act Snake eyes, they gon' probably wanna fool you I'll be ready where I'm at Same god, I just wanna be the good you Now I'm thinking if I miss you
She can never feel the flame that I brought up on her yeah She can get a nigga sing, while she trippin' on my phone Barber fuckin' up my fade, now I'm divin' under you A lot of says, now Im stacking up my saves While I'm pickin' up my phone, have you got my number now My feelings go higher, whenever night fall skies I got to pick it at five I made a move when I made a call
And say no more, time, till we lead us all She can be the flightjet and get away Come back like a doggy walk Oh lord, I'm wide awake We blending in, when we really want Hood niggas, check em all Settin' up a system till we fail em all All I really want, to be what I want
Plays got a deal saved out of all, when they hunt ya She can never feel the flame that I brought up on her yeah The kinda way that you care, for the love, but you can't fall in love When I'm at you You trynna' stay in my way, that don't work, when I say, that don't work When I'm at you Long story, not a tale, you been looking up the sales When the feeling wanna match you
Bitch I'm still sellin drugs Bitch im still the plug Bitch I'm still sellin drugs That meth on me that crack on me Ridin round lookin for stings Swag That meth on me that crack on me Ridin round lookin for stings
I hit ya shit that's that dumb Yaboiblaze Rollin Skunk Nigga u can't hit my blunt I fuck ya bitch give at lil pump Then took that hoe go get sum brunch I hit ya shit that's that dumb Yaboiblaze be to crunk Bitch be screamin like chipmunks
Pull up to your block with the clock, now run up the guap! Count- Countin these bands yeah I'm rapping for my fans yah Pull up- Pull up to your spot you gon' see a red dot Yeah I stay on my grind cause I do this for my mama Yeah I stay only grind I'm just rappin' fuck the drama Yeah I stay on my grind cause I want this for my lifestyle, lifestyle Yeah I stay on my grind cause I want this for my lifestyle, lifestyle I don't need no fame, I be rappin' spittin' flame
Be ashamed yah, you a lame yah Sneak dissin' on my game you better stay in your lane yah I be- I be flexin' on the fuckboys everwhere I go I be- I be flexin' forty bands when I'm in the Gucci store I feel like I'm Melly I got murder on my mind Don't go in my head you don't know what you're gonna find Rap shit damn messed up my mind, but I still stay on my fucking grind Yeah I stay on my grind cause I do this for my mama
Bitch, Hoe, Slut Ay! Lil olnasty on the set bitch what? ay yuh yuh Who the fuck? ay! Money and bitches Is all i rap about yuh Fucking on yo wife, bans and my mothafucking ay She was talking shit till i put it in her mouth yuh Hit em with that fuck shit
I'm at the top yuh Mumble gang shit but yo wife give gimme slop ay Traded up her pussy for some cheetos and some rocks yuh Swerving and I'm crashing like a mothafucking goat Make it rain, I'm flashing like a motherfucking storm Peanut butter on my belt and you know im doing well Stop bitching how yo favorite rapper just fell I'm here to stay, Ima fuck her my way
Yaboi gone serve them stings Yaboi he getting green These bitches fuck wit me Yaboi need like ten rigs They way he fuck on me These bitches fuck wit me Yaboi gone serve them stings Yaboi he getting green
Aw, shit, dawg, goddamn T-T-T-This is a gothaholic mixtape F055iL in the back, slappin' his shit, it's whatever, though, ayy It whatever, though Fuck, uh, goddamn I need a cigarette I'm shittin in the fuckin' toilet, dawg, the water hit my meat No, I don't wanna fuck your daughter, dude, she built like PS3
Kickin' back, I ain't tryna make examples I'm tryna make a mil', tryna make a mil' I'm focused on the mission like a Navy Seal I just made a couple grand out the deal How you say you poppin', but you robbin' still? I could care less how I made you feel The truth gon' hurt when you keep it real By the way
I'm the hottest in my city where I stay Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, no way Ain't no tellin' if she's ever comin' back By the way I'm the hottest in my city where I stay Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, no way Ain't no tellin' if she's ever comin' back Who you speakin' on?
Talkin' 'bout me, I can put you on If you talkin' we can't get along Gotta think twice it can't do me wrong I got what you need, I got what you need I don't wanna go back to the old me I'm on my way right now I pray I never lose I got way too much to prove Just in case you never knew
I need another fuckin' Newport , bitch What up Davo? Ayy, hey, yeah, ayy, yeah I be blazed seven days of the week, what? White girls on my dick, they on fleek, ayy Black bitch with white paint on her feet, ayy Count pounds on the block, oh, I'm a geek, yeah Bitch nigga like your name was Madea
Yuh, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, yuh, what? She give me face , ayy .38 on my waist , ayy Hoes all in my pants , yuh I guess I got these haters mad How? 'Cause I be ballin' on they ass, wow She give me face , ayy .38 on my waist , ayy
Something must to kill a man If no be woman who e go be The way she whine am, how e go be Say all my dollar me I go give Something must to kill a man ooh If no be woman who e go be So my baby jeje with your waist, jere with your waist ooh ooh She say she if follow me they go,she for go she for
But she say my mummy must not know, she for know she for Aunty sister carry over load, over load over load over load ooh She say when you ready let me know, just let me know ooh Aunty sare wa She say pe mi loruko Ko de fa mi mora tan Am like mummy me wan ko? Shes like mummy e wan ko?
Oya pe mi loruko Ko de fa mi mora tan Something must to kill a man If no be woman who he go be The way she whine am how he go be Say all my dollar me I go give Something must to kill a man ooh If no be woman who he go be
Hladni smo ko led, zestoki ko dzek Zivot nije fer, zato grizem kao ker Ujutru je pet, ona zove me na seks U gradu svako za nas zna Hladni smo ko led, zestoki ko dzek Zivot nije fer, zato grizem kao ker Ujutru je pet, ona zove me na seks U gradu svako za nas zna
Puno pijem, malo spavam Malo bleja, malo teretana Malo restorani, malo brza hrana I tako malo svakog dana Al' u soping ja preteram Pariz, Maison Margiela Neka jakna iz Monclera Kurvi nesto iz DSQUARED
Niggas pillow talking swear to god that shit is pittleful Reminiscing to my self while staring at the ceiling too Don't- let me have them young goons come and finish you Fucking with my Tiffany -shit is really changing me Commissary wheeling in- spreads fucking stomach Looking in my momma eyes watching water falls die listening to tlc- while learning abc- niggas can't compare to me -convicted felony Looking at the stars and see Seeing where my path can be
Ain't no friend in me Gotta get money see Family gotta eat Can't compare to me Smoking on this loud my main chick is exotic breed Niggas can not fuck with me I swear that I'm a different Breed I was down broke nobody help me now I'm outta reach My loyalty is so stroooonggg when it's to late they see
Next month is hublot If not money I'm not answering Was up- in oak cliff -that shit is turning more Afghanistan I just keep my coo-soak it in-I'll be back again Ima stack my money-meet these ends-I'm immaculate Ima go hardest beat the odds I'm really lashing in Niggas buy a bitch a birkin bag before investing I'm get them checks stack it stack it ain't no cashing
I got the .30 clip I got the .30 clip Bitch, I got the .30 clip Bitch, I rock the Sketcher kicks Your man lame 'cause he ain't get no money though Your bitch spin around like a merry-go (Like a merry-go She wanna lick my dick, ayy Make that bitch eat my kicks
Wok Wok for like 30 cents I ball like Jeremy Lin Trappin' with Africans I just put Wok on my Sketchers Pass me the napkin, ayy R.I.P. Jack , sucky my cap Your baby clap tool And bitch that's factual
Bitch, I got the .30 clip She wanna lick on my dick Bitch, I'ma live off a lick Count up a band count a brick Bitch, we be toting them sticks 30 clip on my left hip Pouring that Act so I sip Lit with a bitch on my dick
I got that .30 clip I got a dirty clique Just pop a percocet I'm pouring up fo', get a net I'm riding around with the TECH She calming me down giving neck She calming me down giving neck I just pop a percocet
Japanese bih with a choker Japanese bih with a choker, ayy Japanese bitch with a choker, ayy Japanese bih with a choker, ayy Japanese bih with a choker, ayy, mmm, okay Japanese bitch with a choker, ayy Japanese bih with a choker, ayy, mmm, okay Japanese bih with a choker
I copped a pound of that boof, ayy Brought that shit right to the booth Ooh, ayy, yeah, ayy I copped a pound of that boof Yeah, ayy I copped a pound of that boof, ayy Brought that shit right to the booth, ayy I copped a pound of that boof
She want a real one, shawty i'm wavy Bust down on my wrist, yeah i'm stuntin' Shawty says she loved me, she's frontin' I hopped out of a whip I hit another lick Don't matter anyway, 'cause i'm all alone Stuck somewhere, in my mind Thinkin' 'bout the last time
You said you were mine Remember when we came thru Everybody know, how we do Dance 'till the night was over Your alone, come over I remember when the sun was bright I remember when i could see the light I remember when we would fight
Should've been no surprise to me The way you left, so easily I could've did the same to you But it's easier to leave, when hurt Ghost town, my heart is empty She want a real one, shawty i'm wavy Bust down on my wrist, yeah i'm stuntin' Shawty says she loved me, she's frontin'
I hopped out of a whip I hit another lick Don't matter anyway, 'cause i'm all alone Stuck somewhere, in my mind Thinkin' 'bout the last time You said you were mine Remember when we came thru It was all about, me and you
Sometimes i wish, it wasn't true I'm far away, in ghost town It would be better if you didn't come down I think it's better, when i'm all alone I'm alone, everywhere i go I'm a fast runner But now, i run so slow I must've been a song
Say your ride or die like Bonnie Should of knew that was a lie I'm a dummy Tryna' give you love you running from me You don't like me all of sudden You wanna take away my stress but you just pile on it And all these secrets that you keep gon' come out the closet All the things you doin' not the same thing that you tellin' me You wanna be my peace but you must like upsettin' me
Yo I got to handle my business Wassup homies, ay let's go twist this niggas cap back man Let's go let's do this Haha, ay On the ave we be thuggin' low Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay Keep a strap on my person gotta tuck it low Better pray you don't get caught up at that corner sto'
My brotha Diamond trigger finger feelin' vulnerable School of hard knocks, hit the honor roll Holes in him he a holy ghost Pants saggin' so the .40 show Nigga welcome to the 40 show Keep a strap on my person gotta tuck it low Better pray you don't get caught up at that corner sto' My brotha Diamond trigger finger feelin' vulnerable
School of hard knocks, hit the honor roll Holes in him he a holy ghost Pants saggin' so the .40 show Nigga welcome to the 40 show I was on my way down, now I'm on my way up Sittin' in correctionals made me discreet but I ain't changed much Give me 50 feet when I'm charged up cause I'm dangerous Not only with this chop, see these hands, they amazin'
I'm a dog blue pitt, barkin' bitin' since a baby And it's crazy when you realize these mothafuckas shady Sucka leaking, double back on 'em, I'm finna thunder 'em Treat him like potatoes, mash 'em up then we smother 'em It's summer time, now I'm with the coolin' kits Bitch I been thuggin', I ain't new to this I'm like Curry on point when I shoot shit Park the whip on the back block, hop out and drill shit
F-F-Fuck a nigga mean he ain't gon' pay up Put his ass to sleep and Heaven is where he wake up Too many niggas snitchin' nowadays so I don't say much Stayed 10 toes down, remained solid and got my name up Plus niggas payin' for these features I got my change up But I'm still right here in the crevices I ain't changed up I stay dangerous niggas mad I'm lane changin', name rangin', gang bangin', fake famous Is you niggas gettin' paid for all that hatin', sit down and think about it
White Sea, yeah Andre Fazaz, yeah Yung Tier, Yung Tier I'm underrated, they don't get it so they hatin' Ain't chasin' hoes, man, I'm chasin' after that gains So transparent, I can see their true intentions They don't like to see a young nigga tryna make it I'm in my zone, I'm just runnin' up these racks
It's just me and my friends puttin' the city on the map, yeah Is it just me or are these niggas trash? Yeah Bad lil' mama she just wanna throw it back, yeah Ring, ring, phone going ring, ring Bling, bling, I jut want the bling, bling Ice on my neck, feel like a nigga sinking Run to the bag After I get to the bag, I'm gonna split it in half
Me and bro gonna spend all the cash Bought a chain but I'm makin' it back Featured tracks so I'm sendin' it back Stop talkin', boy, you're makin' me mad Mess with me, now you care for your mans, yeah Damn, why do they hate on me? These bitches love me like I keep the bone on me Yeah, do not mess with me, got no mercy
Yeah, got the style on me, the swag on me Yeah, drip or drown, then that nigga try to drown on me I don't know you, stop callin' me "Homie" I just want that new Mercedes Then I tell a F nigga, pay me Wavey, running through the money Ladies, crazy All these bitches wanna date me
Drippin' like I'm Lil Baby Wavey, running through the money Ladies, crazy All these bitches wanna date me Drippin' like I'm Lil Baby I fuck up, I fuck up a check Patek I told her to lift up the dress
Let me show you, I'm the best Ballin', diamonds on my necklace Told that nigga "Please don't test this" All my niggas on the guest list Never thought I'd get it like this, yeah Tryna stack this cash, want the O's in the middle Been my own boss ever since I was little I don't wanna die young,
Rest in peace to all the fallen, let the Lord be with you, yeah Yeah, I got the juice and the squeeze It was just Tryna run through the Uh yeah, I got the juice and the squeeze It was just Tryna run through the Uh yeah, I got the juice and the squeeze
Shawty, I been thinkin' bout you, girl, lately Shawty, if you down, come and be my lady I love it when you climb up on the ting baby Way you move your body driving me crazy Shawty, I been thinkin' bout you, girl, lately Shawty, if you down, come and be my lady Come and be my lady, yeah, yeah Come and be my lady, yeah, yeah
Yeah, girl, lately Shawty hotter than a sauna My baby wanna go Americana Baby, let me give you all that loving Lets turn nothing to something Baby girl, why you fronting? Anything that you want girl Let me put you in designer
Baby, let me put you in the Prada Girl, lately Chocolate, skin clear, like what Body too fire, girl, you're hot like a sauna Ain't nobody in the room that could match you Ain't tryna be your best friend like Anytime you walk by, all these niggas staring at you Shawty too fine, make that nigga sneeze, achoo
Girl like this is hard to find She like it when I pull up in the Hyundai to the rich and the famous She say she want a nigga like J Hus Ain't sayin' she a gold digger, yeah But she ain't messing with no broke nigga, yeah Ain't sayin' she a gold digger, yeah You know I got the juice and the squeeze
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Andre Fazaz They don't really know why you're feelin' this way Your sweet loving is just driving me insane, me insane The way you make me feel, haffi no explain Your sweet loving, girl, is sweet like sugar cane I do anyting for you You came into my life like a dream come true
You know me affi try for you Baby girl, you're bad like Beyonce Shawty, come and be my fiance, yeah Give you anything you want Baby girl, for you, I give it all Baby girl, you're bad like Beyonce Shawty, come and be my fiance, yeah Give you anything you want
Baby girl, for you, I give it all You're my right hand, you're my go to Love you like it's Soundcloud and you're , old school Baby, send the addy, let me roll tru I can take you right there, let me adore you I just want to love you, love you, love you You should let me love you, love you Baby, when we talk it's never boring
Got a nigga up 'til the morning I'm up all night, straight yawning I'm callin', I'm callin', I'm callin' Baby, when we talk it's never boring You got a nigga up 'til the morning I'm up all night, straight yawning Baby, rock the boat, rock the boat, rock the boat Oh, yeah, yeah
I got all the cash and the tree I got all the cheese I unt' front I got all the cash what you need I'm out front And I charge a fee I unt' front My bitch tell me what's going on wit' them chumps Use to have a pump I unt' front Now I keep a Draco the AR was too long Bitches choose for me
Yeah they know the songs NIggas be fakin' yeah I can give-e-fuck I got all the cheese I unt' front I got all the cash what you need I'm out front I'm tryna have my trap for longer than six months What you need I unt' front Damn I always have the trees coming in trucks Damn I had to mail I had to chill out
You a big boss, let me see you spend them racks You know that I like you, and I heard that you trap Imma bring it back, can you eat it like a snack? Do it like that, yeah eat it like a snack Do it like that, yeah eat it like a snack He want me to bounce it, he want me to throw it back I might let him kiss it if that nigga got some racks You a bitch boss nigga bragging bout your trap
See if you can mannage when I sit it on your lap Broke bitches poppin shit, no they cannot relax Scary ho see me, she gon have a heart attack I do not get mad, bitch I get in my bag Where all my bitches on the floor shaking ass? 20's, 50's, hundreds, them 10's and them 5's Fucked up off the Henny, I forgot I had to drive He reached in his pocket, he done pulled out a couple stacks
Boy you know I like it when you do it like that Make that ass bounce, bet he have a heart attack You a big boss, let me see you spend them racks You know that I like you, and I heard that you trap Eat my pussy like a snack, it's a gusher All strawberry filling, no custard If that nigga want to trap, he a hustler Then my legs might spread like mustard
Upwards, can't bust down I need all no Keep a rich nigga stuck like he And you know I keep these lame hoes flustered Throw it back, let it smack, make him spend a bag Make it clap, yeah late night sinamax Big blue faces, it's a pretty tax I don't know about her, I been the
I am gonna live my life Chilling in the night Making shadows on my wall Of my digital DAW And I connect the dots and see that you just wanna dream big Going to these places you can't never ever see kid Well i can show you places like the valley and the snow And many other places in this itty-bitty world
But i just wanna take off And just do that space race Bringing back the memories of Russia and United States Interstellar traveling dimensions of another plane Breaking boundaries What is my state of mind I am gonna live my life I know my state of mind
I don't know why I don't know why I feel it in my stomach I feel it in my stooo- In my spirit In my eyes In my third eye Not a spirit guy
D-D-Div don't do it to em' Toom on the beat fool Everything green, bitch, I can't see a thing at night VV my teeth, so they blingin' bright You can catch me cashin' out on designer This is Givenchy, bitch, this not Supreme, alright? I got a knot in these Amiri jeans Socks is Versace, shoes Alexander McQueen
You can promise if that nigga try me I'm doin' him sloppy I spot him up in the beam Everything green, bitch, I can't see a thing at night VV my teeth, so they blingin' bright You can catch me cashin' out on designer This is Givenchy, bitch, this not Supreme, alright? I got a knot in these Amiri jeans Socks is Versace, shoes Alexander McQueen
Tattoos on my face, nigga Grill shinin' in your face, nigga Blowin' smoke in your face, nigga Uh, bad bitch with the face glitter Snoop Dogg, murder was the case, nigga Yeah, my homie got a open case, nigga We in this bitch lookin' like a open safe, nigga I do the same shit I learned on sex-tapes with her
New money, call it cake, fresh-baked, nigga Hungry, bullets eatin' off your chest-plate, nigga I hope this bitch don't think that I'ma have faith in her Bitch screamed when the dick was halfway in her, huh When the dick was halfway in her Ain't seen in her in a while, her ass way bigger In the coupe, hitting corners like a maze, nigga Banging Franklin, Beverly and mace, nigga
Damn, you ain't dead yet? I'm amazed, nigga Kidnap the cute baby, kill the babysitter New money, call it cake, fresh-baked, nigga Hungry, bullets eatin' off your chest-plate, nigga I hope this bitch don't think that I'ma have faith in her 'Cause pay cuts bleed through the Band-Aid, nigga I stick your hand in the fan blades, nigga That's when you told me where your man stayed, nigga
My bitch classy and she keep her classmates with her Your bitch ashy and she keep a ashtray with her Had to do it one time for my skate niggas Fuck them niggas that be hating 'cause I stayed, nigga Looking like an open safe, nigga Know the feds tryna lock this open safe, nigga Bap, bap, bap, bap, we don't debate with her Uh, no bass, nigga
Only smoking gas, no brakes, nigga Yeah, me and money so amazed, nigga She get my name tatted, letters bold face When we shoot, we don't race We gon' need our own space Need a piece of that pie, we gon' need it homemade I be coming home late, bad bitch long face She do every single thing but rub me the wrong way
'96 Dom P, I have that with Corn Flakes And I never been a intrigued by the patterns on snakes Need to dump a dead body, man I think I know a place She gon' suck the prototype and swallow all the protoges, nigga Lookin' like a open safe, nigga Time out let the hourglass break, nigga Wait nigga, had to take a smoke break, nigga Yeah, smoke break, nigga
Your bitch spent the whole day with us And niggas know we don't play, nigga Nigga, don't play that shit like cocaine, nigga, we on Homies pump that bass, nigga Lookin' like a open safe, nigga But there ain't no code to break niggas I capitalize off my own mistakes You lowercase, nigga
I could lose my friends, i ain't ready I just fucked him up, way too heavy In my head these demons, they don't let me Baby i have rabies I could lose my friends, i ain't ready I just fucked him up, way too heavy In my head these demons, they don't let me Lock me in a room, don't pass me the juice
My life ain't got no fruits, i can't win i always lose I was on my hate shit, but i still won't tie my laces Yeah this life, i hate, i can't love And i fight against the people i love This ain't me, this ain't chaze, fuck all these drugs Lonely ride My homie died Bro this is life
Bitches copy on me 'cause I'm always on fleek Got designer on me, Gucci, Gucci, Louis Bitches copy on me 'cause I'm always on fleek Givenchy, L.V., Gucci down on my feets Private flight from Orly, shop at Abu-Dhabi Brighter than my Rollie, got them Yeezy and Marni Why should I be low key, they always too greedy Rollie got them sick, I'm a star, I'm the peak
Got the karats, no trick, counts the hundreds Get the bag and I go, watch me has I glow Next stop Chicago, fuck around get blown I ain't no average, I'm a five star, get 'em eyes on me Turnin' zeros to profit, seven figures what i want to see If I catch a B on the run, niggas done chasing Now she a pawn gotta get jason, fuckin' up faces Bitches are tying 'em laces, start an invasion
Thank you crip Hey, hey Hey, hey, ayy, pull up, mmh Hey, got the Tec, mmh Ayy, I get the neck, mmh Ayy, you heard about that shh, mmh Ayy, I hit 'em with a mmh Hey, bitch see the fit, mmh
Hey, make a wig split, mmh Hey, pullin' off that shit, mmh Hey bitch, mmh, yeah right I'm pointing red beams at a red light I'm smoking leaf, bitch, get yo' You on that keyboard, you the Fed type I be geekin', sneaking make a bitch wanna see it You suck, she suck, but she suckin' all my semen
Jesus, pray to God if you need it You ain't bad, lil bitch, you just decent Woah, bitch, I'm that nigga Pull up with a mmh, happy with the trigger She want the dick 'cause she ain't happy with her nigga You ain't gang, stop acting like a member For the uh, double G, I spent a G on that bitch, uh Champion like I'm Meek on that bitch
stink, I'ma reek on a bitch Free smoke like I'm I'ma teach on a bitch Hey, hey, ayy, pull up, mmh Hey, got the Tec, mmh Ayy, I get the neck, mmh Ayy, you heard about that shh, mmh Ayy, I hit 'em with a mmh Hey, bitch see the fit, mmh
Hey, make a wig split, mmh Hey, pullin' off that shit, mmh Ayy, ayy, still sippin' drank, mmh, ayy You play it safe, we breaking safes, mmh, ayy I'm with AzChike and Swaye, mmh Yike Mike made the beat, you know this mufucka bang Got a Cuban on my wrist from my bitch, mmh Talk shit, we gon' punch you in yo' lip, mmh
Got rich and I got a lot of drip, mmh My bitch got dreams but all I got is dick Got my bong in the mufuckin' booth, mmh Lost my mind and the roof on the coupe, mmh Switch it up, I got stars in the ceiling, mmh Bust a chicken and I'm quick to flip a pigeon, mmh Ayy, got a Glock and a chop, mmh Let yo' bird eat this dick, mmh
Mmh on a bitch, I don't give a damn Mmh, tax a bitch, call me Uncle Sam Got yo' bitch at my session, mmh Hellcat on a bitch, vroom-vroom Trip a nerd off his feet with this broom Mmh on a bird, coming soon I get high on a bitch like I'm Bitch know I'm loony like I'm hanging with the Tunes, uh-huh
And you know you deserve the world, but you are modest You say you pray for me, now I'm the artist I know you got my back, I know you got my back, I know you got my back I know you got my back, I know you got my back, I know you got my back I went for it, I did it, I handled business They cannot send me to hell, already been there You showed me that God is in the detail My mama prayer too strong, boy I'm a witness
Look all these niggas claim to be the realest It's funny how I see that in a female I should be grateful all the time You're still around to see me shine I think about you all the time You told me "Still Your Body, Move Your Mind" I tell you why you're number one, because you kept a promise And told me I'm the one ''Cause you are honest"
And you know you deserve the world, but you are modest You say you pray for me, now I'm the artist Everyday is Christmas when I'm with you, I feel so alive And I know you would do anything to protect me, to love me Just to see you smile What would I do without you? You always get me up when I'm down I'm so blessed you stuck with me no matter the turnout
They don't give us no compliments, as if they're gonna run out You was with me when I was stuck in a small town and For the samples you provided, all those Motown jams And I took those Ls, a whole lot of blows And when the world went Trap, I provided the Soul, yeah And in my heart that's where my angel is You taught me to learn from nature, what patience is They do anything just to blow
Hell yeah, Boosie party Hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah Boosie party Hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah A Boosie party Turn up Boosie party Twerk twerk twerk
Turn up A boosie party It's a Boosie party Leave your feelings at the house, this a pool party But just make sure your titties out, You ain't coming home tonight, get a lotta money A lotta hundreds, lotta pussy,
A lotta weed, a lotta liquor This tat thug life Out the bottle liquor, this that rap life Money bad bitches titties showing Hell yeah, Boosie party Hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah Hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah Twerk twerk twerk
redbones, white girls, in they red thongs My Big bitches fulla liquor, and they A Boosie party what they ready for Pretty toes, pretty women, you got in your titties girl Show them bitches them bitches I like you girl, you show potential And you can get it get it, stop all that playing, you know this me, I'm in another
You so fine Girl, I'm stalkin' you Mesmerized by you Hypnotized by you You so fine Girl, I'm stalkin' you, wishing for your number Want you for myself, I don't wanna keep it on the under I been lookin' at your thighs and I'm hypnotized
Them pearly whites get me right every time she smile And then them stone behind your ear Oh, my God, what you doing to me? I know a club she be at, so that's where I'ma be I like the star, I think me and you should be together, spending time Be my Bonnie, baby, it's guaranteed I be your Clyde Ride or die, we shootin' traffic Be my New Orleans baby, I be your Bayou classic
Shit, for you I throw my pride out the window and get nasty Girl, for you, I throw my pride out the window and get nasty Girl, I like that lil' waist and them thighs Girl, come try me, I know I can make you smile I'm becoming impatient and I want you right now And I don't have no patience when I'm thinking relations And you so fine to me, let's take a ride Shit, you so fine to me, girl, what's your size?
I think about you late night Thinking if I had a great night I bet you come and hold me down through the darkness and the daylight I saw you change your hair boo I'm liking all your pictures, baby And I got more to say Looking so sweet She said, "I been seeing you everywhere
I was in my old mood She was thinking of blue My room was the hell-oh My feelings like yellow I was so high back then She was so turnt on, mane Listening tame impala I want to fu*ck her, pana
Kinda f*cked up but homie lemme say I wanna f*ck I was so f*cked, my momma told me to just f*cking go. Just f*cking go, on. And I said yeah, I'm gonna grow up and just be a man Its about time, music and leaving it all just behind. All just behind, oh I am so bright, babygirl, tell me that I am your man I not your dad I am so high that I know I can f*cking reach out. Take em all out. Coca-cola and a f*cking cigar, f*cking cigar
I was just coughing until I almost died. I'll never die, nah Ohhh babygirl I told you I would grow up I just want 3 minutes to blow up I just want to take you to the ozone My life is prepared for some millions I love my music even more than I love you And I want to love just the way you do But I know los cabos gonna blow me up
You know I like you on my lap, but lately you're so far, i've been trying so hard not to die My homies asked me are you sad, man? Are you down, man? Are you fucking doped out hey My homies told me just reach out, just reach out, just reach out yeah I made you 10 songs, just for tonight, I wonder if i'm here just cause i'm tired I saw you in my backyard, you were so fly, lookin' like 90's I tried to reach out 10th of october, day of my life, fuck it changes that's just for now I'm not watching both sides cause I don't care, baby I've learnt I swear, how to make you stay here Ferucil got a new boyfriend today
She hit my phone She hit my phone when I was all alone Turn on the fiesta right here in my zone Turn on the fiesta right here in my Got a lil shorty, yuh She hit my phone She hit my phone when I was all alone Turn on the fiesta right here in my zone
Turn on the fiesta right here in my Yeah, yeah Listen up, listen up, yuh Dreamin' with the money this shit feels like paranoia Like to drive fast whippin'-whippin' in the foreign I just want to blow and being broke is annoying You ease my mind Ease my mind
Yeah I've had enough of the games, I ain't no player Yeah Take a walk Talk a walk with me Got so much to do, there's so much to see Talk a walk Take a walk with me Got some things to ask you that will help me breathe
Uh Tell me honestly Were we ever, ever, ever meant to be? Don't wanna pick I don't wanna choose I'd rather leave decision making up to you I didn't say The jealousy between us wasn't comfortable
Love Or lust It's you Or us What's your thoughts? I haven't been the same since I was seventeen Them feelings messed me up Take a walk
Talk a walk with me Got so much to do, there's so much to see Talk a walk Take a walk with me Got some things to ask you that will help me breathe Uh Oh, la la lala la la Me and you had it coming, girl
You gotta pass it pass it it Yeah You gotta pass it pass it it Pass it Pass it All them problems You gotta pass it pass it All that negative Pass It pass It
Early bird get the first worm Pass it nigga it's your turn Hit the jay don't let it burn Hit the jay don't let it burn You gotta pass it pass it Aye you gotta pass it pass it I said hold up mind your business I been doing this shit since I was a kid
I'm just tryna get this money wit' it If I quit I might let myself down Aye hit the jay it's a gasket Damn If I die tell my niggas please put thirty ps in my muthafuckin casket Aye I'm tryna get it where the cash at Aye I'm tryna get it off the address Aye I'm tryna get it and my niggas wit' me Aye I'm tryna get it neva' had it
Ohhh you gotta pass it pass it it Cash cow by the pound when I'm sending out the package When I'm sending out the package Coolin' out Cali but my market near the carryout That's my advantage I used to underhand it Now Now I rubber band it
Make hits when I sing like blue magic When I sing like blue magic Please don't blow my high I'm smoking propane in the alley And I wanna enjoy it And I wanna enjoy it Don't need nobody try come void it No stress just need all my fortunes
In my own lane I get the bag and split the bag with the homies.. Ain't no one own me.. Been up for 4 days.. Finally see the vision now they act like they know me.. Laughing cause half of these bozos hated now asking for photos.. I got power, this Austin ain't never lacking his mojo.. They talking shit, I break em' down..
Like we did half of the O-zone.. I made it out, I keep it cool but now they blasting my phone though. GOD! Why you always hitting up my phone? Oooo... Nowadays they won't leave me alone.. Oooo... I can see the type of shit you on.. Oooo.. The more I climb the more I see I have no friends.. People changing it's dangerous candle's burning from both ends.. Weight on my shoulders feel I'm holding more than the Hulk can..
Circus balancing bullshit, tryna let it all soak in.. The blessings and luxuries that I get with this life.. I'm getting paid, but the mental game is the ultimate price.. They don't believe it or see it.. I guess it's too out of sight.. And that's the difference between us, this shit ain't always as nice.. As it may seem when you got big dreams.. No wonder why a lot of mother fuckers sip lean..
Swag I paid da hoe Yaboiblaze Ahhhhhhhhh Swag Pistol totin Boiblaze Sellin drugs yaboiblaze Ahhhhhhhhh Pistol totin Boiblaze
That *** go round and round and round and round And round Brazy That *** go round and round and round and round And round Brazy That *** go round and round and round and round And round Brazy That girl got cake cake like it's her birthday That *** be moving round and round like an earthquake I want that girl so bad but in the worst way And she gonna bust it like she do on Instagram baby
That *** go round and round and round and round and round baby Oh that's your mama girl I see just where you get that *** from When she throw that *** around I swear she might just be the one That *** go round and round and round and round And round baby Gotta shake your *** now cuz yea this your song Baby Woh woh woh woh I like the way she move Yea yea yea yea she breaking all the rules Girl just go head cuz I like what you do
And than she bend that *** over like she tying up shoes Shake shake shake shake it just for a real nigga Shake shake shake shake it just for a real nigga Yea yea yea yea I got my eye on you Girl I like the way you move spend some racks on you Push start we can go all around town baby Chanel scarf on your head can be your crown baby Just tell your friend to tell a friend it's going down baby
Said she wan- I fell down from heaven, back to hell I go Baby want the pipe cus she was at my show Demons all around me, tryna take my soul Hello Kitty tears, whatchu cryin' for? I fell down from heaven, back to hell I go Baby want the pipe cus she was at my show Demons all around me, tryna take my soul
Hello Kitty tears, whatchu cryin' for? Ain't this whatchu want, aye Finger in her cunt, aye, baby I'm in love She said shut the fuck up, aye My bitch bad as hell, I had to put her ass in cuffs, aye I'm smoking, can't you tell, a couple grams up in my Dutch, aye Said she want ride in the Teggy, told her baby you not ready Bad bitch, good top, bust on that bih like confetti, aye
If a girls really pretty, take her down and get squiddy Listen to the song all night long And dance like a squid after something went wrong Do The Dying Squid Look at this kid If a girls really pretty take her down and get squiddy Listen to the song all night long And dance like a squid after something went wrong
Yo, The Dying Squid is real easy to perform And it makes the dudes jealous, and the ladies all swarm So I'll teach you how to do it, if you're feeling oceanic Just pretend that you're a squid that just got hit by the titanic Now just panic, and get frantic, like you're straight out the atlantic And make sure your fluid movements are opposite of mechanic I don't call my homies dogs, I say 'What up, my Squiddy' So let me know if you wanna be in my squid committee
But before you let me squid, you just might wanna get a lawyer 'Cause I might break your door down And just squid in the foyer- of your house 'Cause I can, there just ain't no contest I'm the mother-squidding king of this nautical nonsense And I'm like, do the dying squid from Illinois to Kuwait And the ladies will fall for your tentacular traits But be careful, cause this dance is banned in 51 states
Apparently Puerto Rico isn't a state But the illegality of this is hard to negate Yo, you can look up Dying Squid on Google Chrome or Safari I call The Dying Squid 'Soon-to-be calamari' People tell me that my dying squid is so fluid That Animal Control gets called everytime I do it I'ma be the teacher, and you gon' be the student I'll be conjuring them slowly dying squids like a druid
And talking whenever You left me so whatever I ain't alone, ever And we never say never So we'll come back together And we try to sever But we just fail under pressure I met this girl yeah, she hit it so right
Told me to grip her throat like it was a vice She says 'girl, I don't want for nobody,' 'if you want me come and get me, Imma make you somebody' We got too close to the flame, it's me you can blame I sold my soul for your name, I was thinking end game I like that idea of me and you It wasn't meant to be so what can you do? That photograph, I miss that laugh
Back seat of the cab, remember that? Yeah, yeah, do you remember that? We made it rain, made it rain, yeah every night And now it rains, now it rains, yeah every night We made it rain, made it rain, yeah every night We've been falling forever And talking whenever You left me so whatever
I ain't alone ever And we never say never So we'll come back together And we try to sever But we just fail under pressure It was love at first sight, I got caught up in your light Heart didn't even try to put up a fight Hooked from the first sight, captivated by those green eyes
Yeah I'm driven by the thought of us, but am I enough? You said you love me that you needed me Now there's nothing but spilt blood But you never ever bled for us So take me if you want me, if you want me come and take me My timing was late, but I'm not me lately Maybe I was blind, but this view was amazing We were radiating but now we're just fading
We just sit in the quiet and secretly melt We don't say a word, but every feeling we felt I know you love me, in your eyes I can tell But you took me from the clouds of heaven right down to hell One seventeen, I've seen that different side to you The one that's making calls, to my hotel room You can't stay away, even to this day What's it been?
Challo mi phude ha nakatun sodun dhur dokyamade shabda ha geun.. Bharun sarka ha peg mi piun..vajtoi beat varti roj litoi navin.. Jyachya karun khazana ha satel..marathi hip hop duniyabhar pasrel.. Changla rasil tar mi ghas pan bharven..vakdyat gelas tar narak dakven.. Maren toden foden nesven sadi tula ha mi botanvar nachven... Kana khali nahi kana vartich marun tuje he kan ata sunn mi karen.. Sarde he sagle ha roop badaltat tondavar changle pati ninda kartat.. Mitra pan changle ha 3..4 varshanni ha betle tar te pan aanolkhi bantat..
Zaloi vegla ha bhava mi.. Thoda vegla re bhava mi.. Ghalvaicho tasan tas jite mi.. Boltana bolle sagle ki ami ahot sobat.. Nantarla navte koni hote fakta ek don't ach.. Nashib navto nashibavar navto railo mi.. Vision set dokyat susaat bag nigalo Mi.. Paile kaiche te bhav aaj khato Mi..
Challo mi phude ha nakatun sodun dhur dokyamade shabda ha geun.. Bharun sarka ha peg mi piun..vajtoi beat varti roj litoi navin.. Jyachya karun khazana ha satel..marathi hip hop duniyabhar pasrel.. Changla rasil tar mi ghas pan bharven..vakdyat gelas tar narak dakven.. Maren toden foden nesven sadi tula ha mi botanvar nachven... Kana khali nahi kana vartich marun tuje he kan ata sunn mi karen.. Sarde he sagle ha roop badaltat tondavar changle pati ninda kartat.. Mitra pan changle ha 3..4 varshanni ha betle tar te pan aanolkhi bantat..
Zaloi vegla ha bhava mi.. Thoda vegla re bhava mi.. Ghalvaicho tasan tas jite mi.. Boltana bolle sagle ki ami ahot sobat.. Nantarla navte koni hote fakta ek don't ach.. Nashib navto nashibavar navto railo mi.. Vision set dokyat susaat bag nigalo Mi.. Paile kaiche te bhav aaj khato Mi..
Sheysh metro tey uthey ami bhabhi Sarobar theke aaj central gami Eka boshey boshey taara guni khali, ay Street light aaj sesh turn ey Eka ami aaj nandan ey boshey Ami boshey Badtrip ey chokh khuley uthey roll korey jaai Aaj boley jaai, shobdho diye gawra desh
Hut kore porey jaay Puff niye duto aaj, ayy In kore shuye achi Sense ondho, aar Dom aaj bondho Dur theke bheshe ashey tamaker gondho Aynaate dekhi chokh laal, ayy Mukhosh ta shoraley chokhe mukhey chinta
Badtrip theke sadtrip ey dinta Sheysh metro tey uthey ami bhabhi Sarobar theke aj central gami Eka boshey boshey taara guni khali, ay Street light sesh turn ey Eka ami nandan ey boshey Ami boshey I've been tryna find myself in the dark
Ayy I've been tryna be someone to leave a mark Ay, still the same kid running in the park Ay, still the same shit burning in my heart Ayy, everybody saying they don't love me My friends look like cops they been tryna cuff me My family's half dead, so they can't hurt me What you doing and what you wanna talk about? Pullin up on the edge I been wildin out
KAAM KAAZ CHODA MAINE, TERE SAATH CHALNE KO APNA NAAM CHODA MAINE, TERE SAATH JUDNE KO KAAM KRA WO, JISME BAS, TERI HI RAZA THI PYAAR KRA MAINE KISSE, MUJHE MILI BAS UDAASI PYAAR BHI KYA, DUKH KABHI KHUSH THA WO KYA SACHHA PYAAR TERA, YA JHOOTH THA WO? TERE BIN, JAANE KYUN, BAN GYA HOON RAAZ MAI SHAZ!
Lena dena kuch nhi hai bus behti ganga mein hath done aate hai Aaj kal chaaro or faili aafat Kalaakar ni yahan diss ka hai swagat Diss khel ke naam ko bdha reh Hip hop ko dba re, bole hip hop hum chla reh Abe chal na, todha side dena beh Apne kaam pe tu pehle dhiyan dena beh Yeh jo baate karte , betuka karte
Public bani aidha khud paida khaate Dfa 191 ki lagi inpe dhaara Bin naam liye tera diss chal ni paa rha Hard yeh hard vo hard sab Bachpan se shooter hard khel khele ab Tu C hai reh Tune chaar dost paale vo fattu reh Jo kaam ni aate tere waqt pe reh
Todha bach ke reh, Samjha Todha tu bach ke reh Neta giri karne ka nhi Chal thoda akal se reh Chaudhary yahan banne ka nhi Todha tu bach ke reh Neta giri karne ka nhi Chal thoda akal se reh
Chaudhary yahan banne ka nhi nhi Bhaari shabdh mastik pe yeh crime kare Jaan daale bars, khaali na rhyme kare Tanashah aisi baato pe na mind kare Kill kare, jo bhi aa rha dekho chaudh mein Kalaakar slaakaar rahe chaul mein Maksad ek, chale apne gol mein Meri hai diwali tera hai diwaala aaj
Saadha tu phir mein bhi dedh saadha aaj Views yeh rapper diss se kma rhe Do laundo ki bhasadh tum bich mein kyu aa rhe Chaudhary banne ka nhi Tera bhai bhaita yahan koi fanne khaa nhi Aaja bidh chhote ab to darne ka nhi Ab dabne ka nhi, yahan netagiri chhote ab karne ka nhi, samjha Chaudhary yahan banne ka nhi
Azide on the beat I ain't playing no more My life kinda boring, it don't pop now, school got me fucked up Feeling like I'm in the wrong place, skipping class just to get up in that ass Yeah, you know my boys get hyped when a nigga 'bout to smash, we all ready, we're running for the cash I'm just tryna get it on the low, the lesser the better you know Dumb ass bitch, she be calling me a player, you goddamn right hoe, gotta bounce, see you later A lot of them don't know who I am, chill ass dude, that's it, goddamn Always ride slow like the BPM, always stay up 'til 3 a.m
Studio time at 3 p.m., talking 'bout your clique like I know them Stop talking 'bout me, like I give a fuck, I am a savage, stop pushing your luck Stop talking 'bout me, like I give a fuck, I am a savage, stop pushing your luck The older I get, the less fucks I give, more money I get, the longer I live Well, let me tell you something, this is real shit, all right?, bass is distorted as fuck homie Another one Keep, keep, keep it all flowing like a freestyle in the morning, chilling with your bitch, in a second she be moaning I know you're kinda mad, why you acting corny?, talking 'bout your shit but you really don't know me
Bitch u know them drugs on me Yaboiblaze got them stings Bitch u know them drugs on me Ahhhhhhhhh Swag Yaboiblaze got that swag Got these bitches on they knees Ahhhhhhhhh
Bitch wanna fuck on me Bitch u know I charged that fee Yaboiblaze overseas really down To fuck the three Bitch wanna fuck on me Bitch u know I charged that fee Yaboiblaze got that swag Got these bitches on they knees
Ahhhhhhhhh Bitch already know I'm down to slang that dick Damn that bitch getting really thick Bitch I'm flexin bitch I'm not toothpick Swag Damn that bitch getting really thick Bitch I'm flexin bitch I'm not toothpick Bitch already know I'm down to slang that dick
Or is that lofty Have I already lost you Is it cause I'm a softie Or was this part time Was I your hobby I don't need your pity So don't waste your time If you think that I'm shitty
I'm telling you that's fine Cause you just tryna get litty I was tryna unwind Cause I'm not just after kitty I'm after your heart and mind Cause I have so much love to give And I want to give it to you And we don't have that much life to live
But I'd like to live it with you Don't have much to gain if I fib so you know I'm tellin' the truth And rejections like a kick to the ribs I don't want to end up abused Wait hold up I've lost you But you ain't lost me Can you stay with me Or is that lofty
Have I already lost you Is it cause I'm a softie Or was this part time Was I your hobby Knew as soon as I saw you Did you know as you saw me If I die tomorrow just know I'm alone in the end If I die tomorrow just know I'm alone in the end
I got foreign in my dna Im Flexin' on you niggas I love Flexin' on you niggas That Pyer Moss got me feelin' Wavy Cop The New J's Bitches gonna Crazy Get the new whip with miss Daisy Hook: Love To Flex you know I love to flex I Gotta go get the bag, & You know my bitches bad yea yea x2
Dnash Tha Rapper: Diamond Rings ouu, I want that Rollie ouu It's About that Time i gotta grind if i want that Bentley all blue I proved them wrong who knew I been in that money like swimming pools Money my favorite flavor Life ain't sweet it's poison fruits by the labor Hook: Love To Flex you know I love to flex I Gotta go get the bag, & You know my bitches bad yea yea x4
Dnash Tha Rapper: Rock My Polo Solo don't need yall bitches no-no All them niggas Phoney yall bitches ya they phoney Rockin In my polo, you know im rollin solo Don't need y'all bitches no-no x2 You got that puddle Drip im stepping on you niggas I got that storm Drip im Raining on you niggas I got them macs on yeezys on all them crispy things on Im so fly with no wings on if you love to flex play that damn song
It's not forever I can't seem to find myself oh no I don't know where else to go oh no Everyone's in their own world But I just want you with me oh no I just really want you to see I just really want you to see the cruel, cold world Money don't mean a thing to me
I just want you to be with me We can fly away Everybody's the same thing It's the same thing every time We're running out of time I cannot seem to get you out my mind no no no I just really want you to see I just really want you to see the cruel, cold world, yeah
Verysadeyes ain't-- Verysadeyes ain't sad on this one Not very sad eyes Ayy-ayy Ayy Yuh So they callin', I'm sorry I don't wanna fuck with you
Because I'm busy I'm ballin' Yuh , I'm ballin' Yuh , I'm ballin' Can't kill me, I'm already dead Don't talk to me unless you're Talking 'bout the fucking bread I can barely think, only got paper in my head I'm sorry 'bout the music coming late, I was on a
Date with my stash and I made out with my cash Bitch, I'm handsome, yuh I stole all of your loot and then I made you pay a ransom Bitch, I'm handsome, I'm dancing, yuh My dick is never flaccid, I'm rollin' with the magnum Yuh, yuh, I'm workin' on an album Ayy, yuh , mm You can't fuck with me, that's madness, yuh
I drop a fucking song and then I vanish, I vanish Yeah, my parents think I'm manic Yuh, yeah, my parents think I'm manic I'm ballin', people wanna see me So they callin', I'm sorry I don't wanna fuck with you Because I'm busy I'm ballin' Poof
Let's get it Big whips they foreign Bad bitch she foreign Smoking dope it's foreign Money keep on going up Drip nice Cool day Dior,Dolce
Big racks in my suitcase That's Louis V on my suitcase They like who that Run shit like 2 laps Drop a baby on a bitch back Say you getting money but it's all cap Getting rich,see they mad as shit Cause I pull up with the baddest bitch
40 on me if a nigga snitch Guapanese is da language Christian Dior she gon take it off Beat the pussy like a pro Then I ignore her calls Big whips they foreign Bad bitch she foreign Smoking dope it's foreign
Money keep on going up Drip nice Cool day Dior,Dolce Big racks in my suitcase That's Louis V on my suitcase They like who that Run shit like 2 laps
Drop a baby on a bitch back Say you getting money but it's all cap Hurricanes how my pockets are flooded,shit on niggas like where is da toilet Got da white but I really don't snort it Say she want a Birkin bag so I bought it We used to have less We came up off the dirt with it I know they impress
I got way too many debit orders, too funny Now you know I'm coming maybe with a lot of money Please dont tell me I should pay you cause I'm really hungry Man I'm hungry and I'm hungry and you know I'm hungry I gotta send moma money and she sending me some money, and I'm saving all that Money, man I'm lying cause this life thing is really funny... I got money in the house, money in the bed, laying on the couch I would never spend the money I dont have, just announced Can't complain cause I speak Afrikaans
If I split that word up it would end with an A You can even look up you will still feel the pain Who do I look up? I'm glad Jesus Came I'm sharing a message, Agh! Im the message. Im the underdog Break the cycle boy You the underdog I'm at a point where I feel like I'm Kinging Cause God said its ringing
I just need to pickup Make it through a hickup White paper sticker no need for a liqour Pour it in a cup, if you really wanna drink up... The juice or the water its still the same order You decide if you wanna put a taste on that order I might even have good manner I might even have bad manner, told you I dont like the devil!
Live fast die young, yeah said without fun See my Momma dont work, see my daddy dont work, I gotta push "Yeah" To make it all work See the work I put in is the work I get out And the love I get out is the work I put in Let's play a game where I put you through a fire flames The Lord is my sheppard I shall not disown Him
jwy trb villain nmr flzm aggressive `ndk lzm ttTHn lmwbyl `yz ytshHn frD wshk btsm lwrq lzm yTbsm lwrq lzm ytkhzn Hn rw's lqsm
klmkw msh mtzn ntw klmkm ntn klmn kjm w nywtn mtbTl y rzl ttfHm mn klmn ntw hn l tlmdhh mfjr dmGkw mSd` wdnkw
d ntw ly kltw mn sm ly khnkw mskm DHy mjtm` msh hbTl tnmr lGy@ mtkmbr fy lq`dh r ty nsf w mSHy y Hd mkhmwd dh z`l m llfl
m dw mtsHl f lstwrm yh ttfHm mn klmn ntw hn l tlmdhh mfjr dmGkw mSd` wdnkw d ntw ly kltw
mn sm ly khnkw mskm DHy mjtm` qwln stwrm nklkm bldwr klmn 'f`l klmkm khll tnTw Hbl dmGkw bttshl
d ntw fyl dh Swty zlzl yjyb nf`l Gby bnls` fy shl'kw bnjm` d b`d m nqT` zy lbmy@ ttqm` d Hn bnwq`
Knowing who the high might You too got an eyesight Maybe you should just write... Christ like Maybe we the same size Thank you Kanye West Ima mix it like I'm Christ like Jesus had to write this He said I shouldn't write this Ill be on the "Christ list", sooner than a "high" list
A nigga stole my swag A nigga stole my swag That pussy nigga's wack 'Cause they want me to give 'em my features They want me to fuck on their bitches 'Cause I am a good-looking nigga My eyebrow is like 4.4 inches And people know me, I'm an important figure
Very Nice Gang, and I got to be the leader That nigga got no flow so he went and bit a little That nigga's stealing flows so he gotta be illegal Stop talking, nigga, I can beat you with my finger My swag is big, and it's only getting bigger If a nigga's talking dirty on me, I'll mute him Okay, back to the main theme Niggas steal swag from EazyWin
They hate on me 'cause of jealousy I can flex with no jewerly Show me a nigga who's more cool than me Show me a nigga who can battle me That nigga stole my swag He made a mistake Choppa'll eat him like a steak Do you like that?
I'm gonna celebrate My niggas are gonna gather at 8 All my niggas are really flexin' They're throwing racks on the floor And I teached that boy a lesson He won't steal my swag no more Stop stealing my swag Stop stealing my swag
I'm flexing hard, I'm flexing like D Rose I'm flexing hard, I'm flexing like Rick Ross You know, I like to flex on these niggas You see my neck, these diamonds are on froze Backwoods in my backpack, cocaine on my nose Designer clothes from head to my toes I'm always flexing and freestyling with my bros I'm hanging out on the block with the cutthroats
When I die, can you put me in a coffin? No, you ain't rich, but there's different options Hey bro , say, bro What's the problem? When you see me on the floor, yellow cautions 12 knockin' on my door, I ain't talkin' Hey bro , say, bro What's the problem?
Spent a lotta time up in this hell hole Let me in, let me in, I'm knockin' on yo' door Breakin' through the gates throwin' hinges bro I be down in L.A., up in Melrose It's a rainy day, love it when it pours You can't hit my cell, you a lil' whore Prolly fucked a dude, maybe three or four Hey bro, say, bro
The bag is too deep That baddy a freak The bag is too deep That baddy a freak Filas on her feet She walkin wit me Jacket on fleek Moss in the Jeep
We go to the beach She suck me to sleep Im catching the zeez Designer I got on my clothes now I just be switching up flows now People wonder when I go out They be lookin for the whole clout Erryone seein me drivin the Bentley
Roll in the hood and you canot protect me I got this 9 and it came with a 10 piece I smoke a wood and you canot prevent me Guess on my jeans Got ice on my teeth They rockin wit me Cuz I got the beats I got the sneaks
No ballin wit me Margelia my feet Designer it speak I keep it geeked Tabbies on me Money on me Growin on trees I get the beans
Show you my niggas ain't loyal If I can't call you, can call you, at least text you, at least text you At least bless you with words like I love you Dis for my nigga Lil Bleek Am feeling the pain coz my nigga gone This is for my sister Teak?... am wrong I should answer the phone I wish my paps can see me make another song
I should have prayed a prayer to God that Pimp C leave the syrup alone If I had another chance to call you I will call today If I had another chance to call you I will call right away I want my Daddy back I want to get you that fucking cardillac Everything you can't imagine i can imagine that I lost a boss and i became a boss I took a loss and it took all my sauce
Wish i can call you Tell you to fall through Wish i can tell you how niggas ain't love you Wish i can call you and hear your laugh on the phone I waste the dough to get your ass back home Just want to call you Tell you Just want to hear you
Just want to call you Hear you If i had another chance to call you Would be early... would be early If i had another chance to call you Super early ... super early Imma tell you niggas ain't loyal Tears in my eyes on this modafucka right here
I'm never sleepin', I stay wide awake When Daz hop on the beat, it's like a earthquake If rappers want the smoke I'll put you in the oven, then I start to bake I told 'em one day, watch me buy the wraith We spent one night together Then she invited me back to her place I just spent a few bands last night
While your duckin' cops, and runnin' red lights I said ima make it, niggas ain't wanna believe me Now when they pull up, i act like i ain't know 'em Niggas claim they real, when they not I said if she's down, she can come and crash with me I keep it legit, why I gotta be a fraud for? Designer on me, got me feelin' like a king Camera on deck, 'cause my life is a movie
People follow me everywhere, like they a groupie If i raise, then you know you gon' fall Sticking up my chips, got me sittin' tall I got the rollie on my wrist The whole clique wearin' bust down You can hate, but i'll violate Pulled up to the restaurant, i just ate a steak Wealth out here, got me living rich
Another hit, i'm killin' it You wanna be next, 'cause you can get hit I went to first base, then ran to home plate While you were in stands, watching me do the race You can tell i'm for real, you can see on my face I told 'em one day, watch me buy the wraith I might be the realest to walk on earth And yeah I made 'cause I came from the dirt
Designer logos be up on my shirt Keep talkin', yeah keep talkin' mane Just so you know, we aren't the same Funny how everybody already knew my name I just stayed the same My girl walk around like she's from tangled Mess with me, you gon' get strangled I hit the trap with my niggas
She like me, I'm nasty I like her, she nasty, yeah I like 'em nasty, nasty, I like 'em nasty, nasty I like 'em nasty, nasty, I like 'em nasty, nasty I like to jump in that pussy and suck on them fingers I promise you, girl, I don't miss Squeeze on that ass while I rub on your asshole While you motorbike up on the dick
Suck on my dick and I give you a kiss Ugh, guess I'm a nasty lil' bitch I'm with the shit, yes, I'm with the shit If you fuckin' with me, then you fuckin' it big I know some lil' booties who nasty I got some big booties who nasty This who I go to when I wan' be happy I like a bitch who go do what I tell her
Suck on that dick in some freezing cold weather Play with that pussy right there in the car Fuck all that rubber, she want that dick raw She got that wet-wet certified Takin' you there when she look in your eye Wet-wet, slip and slide Know I'm tryna slip and slide I'm in that pussy and I like to take
On that X, trippin', me and bae Ate her ass, Kevin Gates I like 'em nasty, nasty , I like 'em nasty, nasty Freaky as fuck, but she classy Suck on that dick without askin' Swallow them kids in the back seat He put his thumb in Hit from the back, ain't no runnin'
Hit from the side and I'm cummin' Turn around, let him nut on my stomach Ridin' his face, nigga, eat up the clit Look in his eyes when I lick on the tip Taking his soul when I dance on the dick Spit in my mouth, I'm with all of that shit Hit with no rubber, bae, I wanna feel it Shoot the club up with my legs to the ceiling
Told you that I'm sorry, I'm sorry What you want from me, from me Promise we can make it work this time So when you gonna call me, call me Told you that I'm sorry, I'm sorry What you want from me, from me Promise we can make it work this time You don't ever wanna talk you just lookin' for a good time
I been on the 'gram and you been lookin' too fine I been thinkin' bout you when I be alone All I'm asking for is you to call my phone We ain't got time for no other plans And you ain't gotta worry 'bout my other friends I know that you don't really like 'em But I won't invite 'em When you come to make amends, yeah
So what you want from me I just told you that I'm sorry But you won't call my line Hit me one time Tell me now when you gonna call me, call me So when you gonna call me, call me Yeah you the only one that I run to When I'm in your town tell you come thru'
I don't wanna cause any trouble Please just hit my line Yeah I meant what I said when I met you Seen the bad times and the best too Didn't make sense when I left you I promise I live in regret too And I don't wanna die alone So baby just call my phone
Pull up with drip Hop out the whip All these rings on got my gleam on Looking like a Kung pow fist . *yah* Pocket full of Kung pow grip . *yah Saucey with the kung pow drip. *yah Hit her with the Kung pow dick. *yah I got that drip got that swag got that energy
Can't let you bite off my recipe Niggas they hate And they envy me I got that stick and so I got the remedy Diamonds that shine wit that clarity Looking like laser eye therapy Thats why lil shawty she stare at me She know it ain't no comparing me Uh yeaaahh
It's like im a sensei cuz I made my bank account flip Walked on the lot and I bought me a whip Push that little button on the car then I dip Uh yeaaaaah It look like karate the way that that chopper gon kick Come get your bitch cause she all on my dick Looking like she finna swallow my shit uh Chopper gotta kick like Kung pow
Ain't looking back two Yea, yea, yea, yea Mula Gang Shawn Doe Aye, aye, aye, aye Watch how a young nigga add it up I'm tryna make me some money then bag it up Bag it up, bag it up yeah
I hit yo bitch from the back told her back it up I'm tryna make me some money then add it up I'm tryna make me some money then bag it up Bag it up, bag it up Watch how a young nigga add it up Bag it up, bag it up yeah I'm tryna make me some money then add it up Bag it up, bag it up
I'm tryna make me some money Why niggas thinking its funny? I know you niggas know what's going on Young nigga feel like Lil Lonnie I fuck that bitch then sent her back home Bitch ain't no Clyde and Bonnie They know I'm flexing like jersey shore yeah Young nigga feeling like Ronnie
Aye, fuck yo Lil bitch send her back I don't need her Bitch, I don't follow the pack ima leader Bro T take lives so we call em reaper Why these Lil niggas talk shit on computers? That bitch ain't talking but she let me mute her I swear my money got long like a ruler My niggas winning yo niggas some losers I'm wrapping shit up just like a damn present
These little bitches they loving my presence When she look at me she say that it's pleasant I'm from the city these Lil niggas peasants Bro T, he will put yo ass on a shirt Not talking free he will leave you in the dirt I get her wet yea I'm making her squirt Better hold yo bitch young nigga love to flirt aye Young nigga fuck on yo bae aye
I turned that Lil bitch away aye I fuck yo bitch then I pass her to Tone Internet beefing we will have you gone Don't come outside you won't make it back home I'm finna' make most of these niggas jealous I got mo' green then some muhfuckin' lettuce These niggas know that my flow be so heartless These niggas know that yo flow be pathetic
My niggas faithful, My niggas grateful Yo niggas hateful get cut off like cable Niggas be fussing my phone it be buzzing I'm tryna cut off every fucking label Watch how a young nigga get it then bag it up Watch how a young nigga stack it then add it up Tell yo Lil bitch to stop calling my cellular Shawty want me I fuck her on the regular
Yea, yea, yea Shawn Doe Aye, aye, aye, aye Cali Gang R.I.P Cali Coe Change up, change up Yea, yea, yea, yea These niggas change like the weather these niggas counterfeit
Beat the pussy up like Mayweather I hit the counter hit My niggas pop out whenever them niggas too legit Flow cold like December weather I'm like a cooler bitch yeah If you down to ride, you down to ride for me If you say that you gone slide then you better slide for me yeah Niggas saying that I changed cause my life had a change And my flow hotter than the sun they know I killed the game And yo girl wanna roll with me she say that you too lame
I took yo girl inside the crib I ain't got too explain Changed up, changed up they say a nigga changed Well, I think they mad because I killed the game Never had a bitch that ran game on me Got a lot of niggas mad because the chain on me I just do it for money so fuck the fame homie Bro T that's my brother for him I let it blow I just took a nigga bitch but I won't beef about a hoe
He don't even know Lil shawty can you keep it on low? Can't fuck with the Niggas swear they like Jake the snake Tryna' make it to the top ill never forsake Can't have a lot of love without a lot of hate I'm trying to make it now ain't got no time for the wait I'm tardy for class but for the money, I'm never late Put holes in yo ass heard you associate with the snakes If you down to ride, you down to ride for me
If you say that you gone slide then you better slide for me yeah I just took yo bitch and she tryna' ride a G Niggas saying that I changed cause my life had a change And my flow hotter than the sun they know I killed the game And yo girl wanna roll with me she say that you too lame I took yo girl inside the crib I ain't got too explain Changed up, changed up they say a nigga changed Well, I think they mad because I killed the game
Change up these niggas change up I stay in my own lane these niggas be lame bra Boy you better tuck yo chain cause I want a chain bra Move around if you ain't gang you might lose yo chain bra This shit ain't easy you gotta work hard for this A.R make a nigga think twice he trying to start a diss Fuck yo girl why she trying all hard to kiss? She wet like the ocean I'm finna' scuba dive in that bitch
That lean like a potion and then she took a ride on this dick Aye, aye, aye, aye I'm just posted with yo bae Watch me hit it from the side I'm just stroking on yo bae Lot of niggas tryna' poke me know I keep the A.K Aye, aye, Its Mula Gang Shawn Doe, yea Aye, Mula Gang Its Cali Gang
Aye, aye, aye Mula Gang Shawn Doe Ain't looking back Aye, yea I be riding with the same niggas Better move around if you ain't gang nigga I swear I would never change nigga
Get rich I'ma be the nigga I be riding with the same niggas Better move around if you ain't gang nigga I swear I would never change nigga Get rich I'ma be the nigga I'm balling out every year I'm making this my career Nigga getting to the cream just cause I didn't make it clear Swear my flow to mean make a baby shed a tear
Fuck that hoe then disappear she got a man reappear Pop a nigga like a soda can then disappear like batman Niggas trying to make a game plan I hit a nigga with the left hand I am not feeling these niggas must not got no feelings I just be killing these niggas you know I be drilling Bloody bottoms like I stepped in a murder scene I'm getting to the green don't talk to me if it ain't about the cream Bitch this the money team
And you know I'm rolling with the same niggas Cause that is my gang nigga Fuck with me I will let it bang nigga We all got the things nigga Btll, Yea, yea That Lil bitch all in my way Tell that bitch get out my face Got the thing on my waist
Fuck around and let it spray Stay on that block every day Nigga be making that cake Fuck her she think I'm her bae Damn I just fucked on yo bae Bro T keep a tool Fuck on yo bitch she like owe Nigga tell me who yo jeweler?
Cause yo shit looking fu Chain on my neck so cool aye I do not follow the rules Niggas thinking shit cool nigga, we is not cool Mama told me to work hard and go get it So now every track I hop on I'ma kill it Niggas talk shit on computers don't get it Niggas mad I'm balling out no 2K
Tryna' stack my money up no lays Gave her the D now she thinking I'm her bae Mane that little ass bitch must be cray Aye Mula Gang Ain't looking back Yea Shawn Doe
That's a really very hard, when you way long Far from home, Im feeling so alone Don't remember any thing, like when was born I like the things what I can do, I wanna more Woah, woah, they wanna big money, but all of them are just a fool One guy on my way say me: "You gotta playing cool" I say: "Man, I know what I can do, so what about you?" Now in the top of words "Please, gimme the loot"
Have you ever really lose you mind and wanna go away? Universe so fine, but no everyday Im so high, but I need a break What you wanna say? I had a lot of pain, yeah I was need a break But father didn't say "yeah" I was cry everyday
I don't understand, why I was fall so low? There nobody, yeah There nobody, yeah Again I stay alone, around no any soul I don't understand, why I was fall so low? All that girls want say me lie But I was hear that words many times She say me, she don't wanna be mine
I came the fuckin' long way Problems where I got no way In my head crazy roadway Now Imma on the slow wave Crazy roadway Crazy long way Crazy roadway Crazy long way...
Got more '40 with my gang Im ready make some fuckin' bang Wassup, girl? Please tell me, baby, what's your name And don't matter if it same I swear, that day magnificent Please tell me, baby, what's your name And don't matter if it same
I swear, that day magnificent Wassup? I see you buying new shoes, cause you have a big guap Y'all niggas fake, I know, you want get the top You will humiliate by raising yourself even up Diamonds shining, ain't sunny Just show the gun, all that fake n***as always running Go in the IceBox, order new gun 'brilliany"
All in ice like in the metal, Im Bionic Girl what you want? Girl what you want? If you wanna get the dream, so open the door Go away from your family, leave your home If that not what you want, so what do you want? Yeah-yeah How are you feeling for today? Got more '40 with my gang
But I feel so bad, they no on me, yeah That seems very mad, girl buy them by luck Shaking shaking ass every night in club Diamonds dance, they shine, it ain't sunny up But I feel so bad, they no on me, yeah That seems very mad, girl buy them by luck Shaking shaking ass, than have go to pork I don't have family, who buy them up
Everyday I spend my time, Imma workin hard Seven hours on the song, say oh my God Will appreciate, if you feel me up In end all money just make you fucked Money make you strong, but your friends go out Inside you feel pain, now you lost your bae Every know your name and you know, that thanks for your fame Diamonds on your blame, but one thing
Waste all my time in the space Write all my songs in the space Everyday Im in the space Waste, waste Waste all my time in the space Write all my songs in the space Everyday Im in the space Im writing songs at everyday
That's my fuckin' love, for me that's a main My words from the soul, I gotta say I cannot love, alone til the end I don't wanna know How in my head all of that doubts canna keep grow When I found friends, that help me don't be alone and finna love Brothers, that wanna protect me and help me don't sleep on the floor Today is fine
Brother take that diamonds to the road for the fame, yeah! Bag, take the backpack, more crack, yeah Slatt, that's my big slatt, no cap Map, map, I lookin at the map in app Forget, where we must go, we no sad! Bag, take the backpack, more crack, yeah Slatt, that's my big slatt, no cap Map, map, I lookin at the map in app
Walking on the street and like damn go rain Always when I taking bag, like damn go rain Always when I see that girl like damn go rain Raindrops keep falling on me Like that nigga wanna be depending on me Working everyday, you fools don't helping on me Wanna like in film to be ''The Lord Of Rings" Wanna trip the world and trying many things
Fisting in my ass like step sister Mining all the hoes bitch Don't mine at night that's how it goes bitch Eating carrot like seeds to a parrot Rain down beads like a faggot on dick Got two sticks two diamonds Put diamonds on my hoe like I give my stone glow A potion sip make you move slow
Hit shift at the edge if you wanna move bro Take a parrot out eat it dead like crow Then freeze yo ass like you fresh outta snow I gotta pickaxe that'll make you relax When I'm mining ores you Snorlax I be sipping xp Make a track no repeat I be sipping xp
I be getting hit no bleeding Pink drink big drip Lost my minecraft dog big rip Me and karma the duo we come like zip Running through the city with the clique Diamonds blue like sword stay equip Make a track no repeat I be getting hit no bleeding
I can't run away, and I cannot hide Can't curl in a blanket and escape this dread 'Cause you are the thoughts inside of my head Can't even watch movies or shows on T.V You never let up and you won't let me be You're the flashbacks and nightmares from P.T.S.D You invade my mind with your sharp images I wish I could tell you to cease and desist
Way you Dey do for me Which kind of love be this Way you leave heaven just to die for me No be say Na me try pass No be me deserve am pass eh But you Dey do for me You provide for me Help me know you deeper
Let me hear you clearer I beg pull me closer oh I'll make You my friend my lover oh Help me know you deeper I want to hear you clearer I beg pull me closer oh I'll make You my friend my lover Cos there's no one like You
I give myself away I give myself away And I have no cares I just want make you use your boy Oya make you use your boy Use me like Peter and Paul Me I no want riches I no want fame oh God
It is you that I want oh Oya make you use your boy Use me like Peter and Paul Oya use that boy Make I preach your love Oya use me jah This kind of love is something special I don't know what I did to get this blessing
And when I'm walking through the desert I know I know I won't be stressing oh Cos even when the sun don't shine And even when the rain is falling It's okay cos I know your mind oh It's only Your name I'm calling See Na you way Dey make me dance oh Make me dance like this like that oh
Cos everything I do I know I do it all for You Lord And I have no cares I just want make you use your boy Cos your love is overwhelming I know I'm undeserving But I'm wrapped up in your grace I'm off the enemy's radar
Mama bice oke, samo ganjam bolji svijet Mama bice oke, oke, oke, oke Mama bice oke, oke, oke, oke Ganjamo Gucci punih srca, praznih dzepova Noci su duge, jutro svane kao premija Na zemlji sluge, u raju tesko smo, jebi ga Momenti srece tuzi dodu kao predigra I nismo bili klinci sto spustaju se na koljena
I... Oh... Ink in I... Ink in Ink, ink in my skin Ink, ink in my skin Ink
E-Claz is the name mon It's your boy E-Blaze upon this one uh Godamit its PLG Damn, na she be love of my life Me dey try prove to ham but she no realize All this girls of nowadays, wey no like to give us face Always reject the truth and them go fall for lies Why? I send ham message but she no go reply
Do you see my missed call? She go still dey deny Forgetting when money come na me she go rely -on Sha know say terms and conditions apply And ever since I met you I've crossed my heart never to neglect you But now you playing so hard, you playing so bad You make it difficult for me to get you Oh she said she doesn't love me X2
Because I no get money X2 I think this love is funny X2 Ah! so bad I need this love by force But you can always call me coz it's not your fault And you must always love me coz you got no choice I've been tripping and you always like oginni? I want nothing else, all I want for you to gimme You must to gimme love o
Gimme love o, gimme love o I don dey call o Wait, how many language I go speak? Before you know my love for you has gotten to it's peak Really! You con dey fall for all this wannabe mini Abi oomope omo oluwabi nimi Come my place you no free, accept me you no gree
If you be traffic light shea you no go shine green She said she doesn't love me X2 Because I no get money X2 I think this love is funny X2 Ah! so bad I need this love by force But you can always call me coz it's not your fault And you must always love me coz you got no choice I've been tripping and you always like oginni?
I want nothing else, all I want for you to gimme Gimme love o, gimme love o I don dey call o I met this fine girl in a fine place Walk up to her and i said nice to meet ya But she turn me down leaving me walk behind her Say me no get money, me no get this paper Me want your body and soul on me
Baby gimme love don't leave me hanging Oyima this your body na strong medicine Me wan take ham to my body to cool everything Uh! If you love me jeje o, me go spend my money on you baby Love the way you twist and move your body Baby mi I need you please I'm begging X2 She said she doesn't love me X2
Uh uh uh Ice Tea I'm so Icey Uh uh uh uh uh uh Aye Mix my lemonade with my ice tea I'm so icey I just wanna beat it baby probably make you wifey Never understood why these niggas they don't like All that bullshit that's that shit that don't excite me Mix my lemonade with my ice tea I'm so icey
I just wanna beat it baby probably make you wifey You can't stop my fucking grind Bitch I ball like fucking Clyde Flood my neck with all this ice That's why you see me fucking shine KC is where I reside Where all the bitches fine Say you wanna party come & slide
Blunt full of cookie let's get high Say you hella thirsty baby go & buy a Hi-C Got the trap jumpin like we chilling with the flight team Hit it from the back or watch me eat it like a rice treat Chilling with a baddie & I told her count these bands up I dont fuck with cops they just kill you with your hands up All these niggas sleep dont fuck around & get your man slumped Gave her too much D now the bitch is throwing tantrums
Never understood why these niggas they don't like Get head with my ice on Bad lil bitch my baby Take your clothes off get nasty She took a dose of KD she want me Lemonade with my ice tea Breaking bitches down like I do my weed Heard you talking shit we gonna have to see
Motion Gang with me dont get jumped G I might pull up with my top back Gold on my body catching contact Blowing smoking on that loud pack She said she need me I dont want that Fuck em up we gonna fuck em up Double cup yeah I mix it up Twist it up let's get high as fuck
UH EVERYWHERE WE MILLY ROCK WE GOT IT IN OUR SOCK ------YEA GOT IT IN OUR SOCK.-------- Lookin at A OPP!!!! WALKIN WITH THE OOPS-------- WALKIN WITH THE OOPS WALKIN WITH THE OOPS IN NORTH DAKOTA THEY MILLY ROCK WHOS THAT ON THE BLOCK? OH THAT JEAN AND HIS POPS
All of them bitches be calling me drew Pull up I'm thinking right through The sky be looking so blue I was just talking to drew But he got me to fit in his shoe Imma just singing a few of them Smooth lyrics for you I ain't know what I'll do if I
Rain in this bitch, yeah that cash Got your granny in this bitch, then I showed her to the door, bitch Slap a bitch, yeah, ayy, yeah Slap a bitch, ayy, fuck bitch Fuck nigga, fuck bitch, she fuck, ayy .30 clip, .30 clip, took off his heart I don't give a fuck, bitch, ayy, yeah Granny on the floor, granny on the floor
Ooh, Bawskee in this bitch, nigga, 1700 shit I'm flexed up in this bitch What you sipping on? Wock' Wock', Wockhardt Ooh, the clips are on my shit Trap all in the mozzy, ooh Drop that top like your bitch dick, ooh What, ayy I see you kissing that bitch
Why you in love? You in love with that bitch And I fucked that bitch face like 50 times on my fucking momma 30 on my wrist, 40 on my wrist I smoke that boof like a skunk, ooh Watch me get lit, fuck on your bitch Fuck yeah, I sleep with a trap, ooh Sleep with MAC on the lap, ooh She put that ass on my lap, ooh
White, white, white White, white, white White, white, white, white Yeah, what, my VVS diamonds go dumb Yeah, what, I fuck that lil' bitch till she numb I face-fuck her 'til I cum Trapping, moving, heavy work I'ma hit you where it hurt
Nigga, you ain't want no smoke Pussy boy, I'm never lacking I keep the choppa in my coat Ride around on some Yeah, they hate me, yeah, I know Posted at the corner store With some crack in the gun Why these niggas hate on my hustle, man
'Cause lately, I've been losing my mind She say, she say Lately, I've been losing my mind Lately, I've been trying to fill a void You creating space to avoid me, yeah Don't listen to your friends to ignore me I just wanna keep you in my story, yeah All these vacant thoughts, it could tear up a heart
The pain give me pleasure I done felt before Treat me like you love me, don't be lousy Tell me that you proud, say it loudly I don't wanna cry anymore, don't wanna try Know the truth hurts, so I rather that you lie Leave it up to me to sit back and go and decide I don't wanna cry anymore, I don't wanna try 'Cause lately, I've been losing my mind
She say, she say I'm a gangsta and it's hard for me to cry Tell you the truth, baby, you hurt me when you lie You with the shit, I really thought that you was shy But I'm still with you and I love you, I don't know why You got me thinkin' 'bout lyin' to you Quit spending my time with you 'Cause I can see the love here blind for you
Se nuk kom faj qe u bo Se nuk kom faj qe u bo bitch S'kom faj qe o kurve mu bo rich Ajo m'ka prek n'shpirt it's difficult Se nuk kom faj qe u bo Hey girl I just une e ti you know that I'm just Une vi me ty amo tash osht pak problem But it's okay jo per dicka I'm just saying
Pata dashni po jom djeg perseri veq jom prek As nji femen tjeter nuk e kisha lon afer vetes Vec me ty me kon tan naten baby Po qa kisha dhon per baby Amo tash osht pak problem baby s'jena mo s'jena kon Edhe tash po munohesh veq me m'bo keq baby Kush t'ka majt? Kush t'ka dasht? Sikur une si gjon as 5 vet, 5 vet, 5 vet
Se sikur une si gjon as 5 vet, 5 vet, 5 vet Pata shume nevoje per ty Edhe zemer do you know Qe une pa ty s'po muj me marre as fryme Po e di qe they don't know ca po ni ka jom ik You don't know, you don't know, you don't know Baby I'm for real qa kom ni kur jom ik I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Po du mu kon me ty Every day, every night S'po di qka me t'thon A me t'shkru? a me t'thirr? A me t'lon krejt? Jo spo guxoj se o shtir Mos met than qe te du zemer Po du met puth zemer
You're my sunshine, albanien so whine Zemra jem veq tu kesh baby skom faj Po du mu kon i pit me ty Po du mu kon i ngjit per ty Feel some love in the air Syt e tu like an eagle so clair Baby smuj me besu Hajde luj pak me mu
Come and dance with me Ska kush qe na nal babe Po du mi thon do fjale Veq po du mu shpreh Po du me pi njo me ty Po du me pi njo me ty Blaze, blaze blaze Gjithmon kur dal me pa pak qytetin
Tkam ty gjithmon me veti Edhe mos mu kon ngat meje uh babe Nzemren tem ti jeton Edhe mos me pas as ni pare me veti Du me bo love boom boom so crazy Du mu knaq me ty girl dej sa tvjen mengjesi Buzt e tu mu mlshjon pesh Ani mo kur kesh, krejt boten ma trullav
Baby swear un me ty, ti me mu darling Smuj pa ty as ti pa mu darling Yes that's true funy Hajde tputh babi Nfaqe baby, se mknaqe baby Kohes nuk pe di qka po ndodh me ket bot So deep in this world, hajde shkojm tjeter ku Another day, veq un edhe ti
Ska kush qe na nal babe Po du mi thon do fjale Veq po du mu shpreh Blaze, blaze blaze Ajo m'don, kto fjale qe ti mi pate than I wanna make some love with my badgirl So hajde come get it Po du me pi njo me ty, po du me pi njo me ty
Pull up in a two-seater, I want you Everybody wanna know your name I don't even have to say So come one, come on hop in the whip We can ride until we die We don't even have to fight We can do this every night You don't even have to try
We can fly off to the sky Dance under the moonlight Shawty got me out of sight Everybody's watching Mis prendas me gustan que sean plain La baby quemando el Mary Jane Soy el mago, te tiro el doble play Que si mi corta, te recorta, te quedastes con un low fade
Si ni tu estas any day Te dejan botao' en el almacen de layaway Encima de mi como Kobe fadeaway Yo mejorando y creciendo y tu jugando play En la boveda mis chavos son un monte 20 de 10 pa ti no hay compe Nos matamos desde 8 hasta las 11 Me pagan un hotel bajando a Ponce
Desayuno fruity pebbles a las 12 Soy el que le gusta que la roce Nos comiamos desde los 14 La viro como un kickflip y no soy poser Ya tu sabes que me tienes loco Me como esas donas y esos cocos Contigo siempre me sofoco Anda rojita parece un foco
Ya tu sabes que me tienes loco Me como esas donas y esos cocos Contigo siempre me sofoco Anda rojita parece un foco Used to want a car but I got a house You ain't scare me bitch you Mickey Mouse If I say no you go sit and pout And if I hit a note we go a different route
Never been one to be picky 'bout my pesos I want my money big, call me Jeff Bezos If you wanna talk, better add me to your payroll This the devil's business but I'm shining with a halo Getting big, need freak with some faygo How you move in silence but still shoot with no potato Say you have green but only stack some play doh Only fuck you over 'cause man I fuckin' say so
Lookin at my daddy daddy real fine Come and lick up on this Nani Nani one time Lookin at my daddy daddy real fine Come and lick up on this Nani Nani one time Stop acting brand new Been on yo body this shit been long due Sorry for my stick to you like glue Promise you won't put it on me with a nice Big Bang you
I been crushin on you for a long time Boy can you be mine I think I'm bouta lose my mind Gimme what I wanted Gimme what I wanted Cause you been on my mind all night I just need you here you so fine I need your body all up on mine
I ain't trippin off a nigga no mo I'm already here I ain't trippin no mo I like shit kinky can we fuck on the floo I promise ima give it to u all night Keep up wit my body make me feel nice Ima come and grip u wit this tight tight I need you daddy got things in mind No foreplay I'm wet up inside
Some freak shit don't put up a fight You goin nowhere I swear ion bite Come put it on me fuck what they say Niggahs on my body they get dubbed by the day I be gettin crazy but for you I turn sane I be getting crazy but for you I'll turn say ayyy anneee Cause you been on my mind all night I just need you here you so fine
While I spark that spliff With a bad bitch Can't dream Can't speak Can't motherfuckin' think Can't peak No time to drink Left that lil' bitch 'cause she made me fuckin' crazy
Fuckin' with my clique with the posse in the back Pop another pill when I'm feelin' kinda lazy Then I fall asleep and I dream about my racks Swear the mary jane got me feelin' kinda hazy They call me BlazingBlade 'cause I'm blazing up a pack When I fall asleep I just see her in my dreams Try to get her out my mind but she always in my dreams So I drown my sorrow and I do drugs with my team
Then I'm feelin' kinda hollow and become one with the tree I cannot dream and I cannot sleep 'Cause I can't breathe Can't motherfuckin' think I cannot peak Tell me whatchu think Yeah, I just need the leaf but I gotta stay clean That's alright maybe I'll just dream
Maybe I'll just dream Maybe I'll just dream Yeah I said maybe I'll just dream I dream about you and I dream about me Yeah, all I do is dream I dream about you and I dream about my team Yeah, all I do is dream while I sip my fuckin' lean
Smokin' on that weed and I dream about my things, yeah In my dreams I count my green While I spark that spliff With a bad bitch I cannot dream and I cannot sleep 'Cause I can't breathe I cannot peek Tell me what you think
Kabhi ni,kabji ni, kabhi ni,kabhi ni, kabhi ni, kabhi niiiii Mai karta wo jo karte sabhi ni Kabhi ni kabhi ni Mahine se jyada mai ghumta hu har hafte rehta mai bahar Yaar dost nikle sath-sath, sath nikle meri car Byaaj lagta mere kaam ko paisa deti sarkaar Kabhi ni kiya ladki baji-kabhi ni kiya chedha chaadhi Na dosto me lagai chingaari, na jhuti ki tarafdaari
Nibhane wala mai rishtedaari, janta sabhki hoshiyaari Hum to gane banate ghumte bhai esi bahane Hanth me dastaane fir bhi pahado me jaate nahane Mere fans pehchane bhai aate mujse selfie karane Ladkiya kehte mujhe bhi ghuma diya karo kabhi kabhi Mai kehta kabhi ni kabhi ni Tu pehle matlabi aaj ajnabi Na daaru peeta, nakoi nasha, bass mai likhta kavita
Na koi seeta, na mai raam, mai shikaari cheeta Mujhe ghasita samay na par maine bandha feeta Bussiness mera kaam kaaj, kabhi na socha karu job Logo ne dikhaye public roiad mujhe chahiye single road Beshak usme duss moad, jaldi pahunchane ka na lobh Bach bach k nikla kyunki music line me hote froad Apno se bado ko Diss karu hota mujhse kabhi ni Hum down to earth bande pair chuute abhi bhi
Introducing DJ Horphuray and my homeboy Limoblaze Shey you rescue the boy Shey your love e Dey pamper the boy And if I fall anytime You Dey lift me up You Dey protect the boy Your type of love e Dey shock person If Na water e go drown person oh Yea
It's so good and it's so real And it's so free Your type of love e Dey shock person If Na water e go drown person oh Yea It's so good and it's so real And it's so free I know I don't deserve it Your love is overwhelming oh
And it's a vibe it's a vibe This your love e Dey burst brain oh I know I don't deserve it Your love is overwhelming oh And it's a vibe it's a vibe This your love e Dey burst brain oh Forgive my short comings You know I hate these shortcomings oh
I don't know why I do things I hate oh Forgive my shortcomings You know I hate these shortcomings oh Cos the things I wanna do I don't do them I'm a mess I don't know why you love me I break your heart but see the way that you love me I no know wetin I Don do way you love me so
So I say Doh doh doh Ogene doh doh doh And if I fall anytime You Dey lift me up You Dey protect the boy I'm a mess I don't know why you love me I no know wetin I Don do way you love me so
So as you gimme that Gimme that Gimme that I no go ever put You to shame oh Shame oh Shame Oh Say as you gimme that I no go ever put You to shame oh
Make I no go play with my anointing Cos e dey cover me And e dey protect me Everyday it's working I know that Your Hand is upon me Make I no go play with my anointing Cos e dey cover me And e dey protect me
Everyday man it's working This is all I want from you I need it Fill me till I overflow I need it Fill me with Your Grace Put in a space where You guide my steps everyday Yes I need it
You know I need it I said You know I need it ohhhhh *chants I dey try my best but I'm failing Lord I need Your Grace Lord I'm needing more Grace Lord I call Your name on a daily I dey try my best but I'm failing
But if my God says this And His word says this Then it's already done oh They can come I don't care though My God has got me on a lock oh And e sure and e sure and e sure me die oh Ise wore le mi oh I get it all wrong like a typo
But when I trust your ways And I trust your will Then I am already right oh Without You in my life oh I get it all wrong like a typo But You dey for me And You care me And You always got me
I don't want you in my life Baby don't come in mine Diamonds dancing on me look fine Waste time I've been off a pill So tell me how you feeling me You gon' take my soul run away Just like you leaving me
Fuck your energy You're so dead to me, need a new identity I've been off a pill So tell me how you feeling me You gon' take my soul run away Just like you leaving me Fuck your energy You're so dead to me, need a new identity
Sell your soul Sell your home Fuck your phone Don't you go out alone Yeah you in line with the pole yeah Diamonds dancing in the night Ill show you when you go yeah Tell me that you ride it good when we be all alone yeah White snow, bad bitch snort coke
Diamonds go, dance and glow, on their own All alone, call my phone, let you go At the tone, snorting blow, she won't know Yeah ay Cause I've been all alone Baby call my phone Please don't let me go Do the dash and go
Kaiyan Kolo Mile Credit Kaiyan Kolo Blame Mil Gaya Main Tureya Jaavan Jihde Te Oh Vaat Rakhdi Rehndi Ae Baaki Sab Kujh Mil Gaya Haan-Diye Bahute Business Mind'an Waale Thode Takre Yaar Mainu Oh Main Ni Kehda Tere Magro'n
I gotta whole lotta money, you can't hold nothin' from me I gotta whole lotta money, I gotta whole lotta money I gotta whole lotta money, I gotta whole lotta money I gotta whole lotta money, whole lotta money, uh Word around town: I'm the MVP I'm the who the young boy watch, yeah, they envy me They watching on my clocks, yeah, they jockin' me They keep me on they wall, yeah, they acknowledge me
And I be strapped up to my drawers to my fucking cleats They buying all my stocks, yeah they invest in me Need 50 from the front, we gon' play for keeps But I skipped outta college to get them dollars You can't hold nothin' from me Crazy what that money do It change the people who bring up under you Rearrange somethings, I had to humble you
I'm the man of the hour Got her skiing down that slope she's on that powder You got loud? I got louder Finna take off I got that rocket power I'm the man of the hour Got her skiing down that slope she's on that powder You got loud? I got louder Finna take off I got that rocket power
Skate, Skate, I got that rocket power Aye, Aye. I'm higher than a tower I get high everyday, I'm smoking on that sour Otto Rocket on my way, I got that rocket power Aziz Rocket, Otto Rocket, You a shoobie You can't skate with me you a noobie Can't believe you approach me like you knew me They hear my style, they hear my tricks, now they be giving me kudos
I'm out of space, catch me on mars, I might be chillin with Bruno Skate, Skate, I got that rocket power Aye, Aye. I'm higher than a tower I get high everyday, I'm smoking on that sour Otto Rocket on my way, I got that rocket power Rocket power on my way out of space See a bag I pursue it, yea I chase No more nudes my phone's out of space
Po-po come, then I'm gone, can't do no case Im skating like Otto, you smoking that reggie My girl is a model she only eat veggies Poppin a bottle, your chick threw confetti I just hit the lotto, ain't shit you can tell me I don't take pictures to stunt for the gram I hit the club and they know who I am Run up on me then they might go kablam!
They call me lex luthor cause I fucked a fleshlight Smokin' on that gas yeah it's green like kryptonite My head so bald it lookin' like the moonlight Fuck superman yeah that homie ain't polite I'ma fuck his bitch make her cum all fuckin' night Tell me I'm insane, aye Made Clark Kent watch while she gimme fuckin' brain While she gimme fuckin' brain
Hold my hand Hold it tight Hold my hand Hold it tight Hold my hand in the dern of flames Hold me tight I can't refrain Hold my hand and hold it tight Stare in my eyes watch them ignite
Made for each other Like two peas in a pod but we bring out the worst in each other Cos we lovers And we f*** a lot Said you were in love with me yesterday Yesterday was a different day Can't stay in love for another day You're too toxic girl I'll walk away
Flying out the bottom, baby, yeah, I'm living hard Paid that bitch some hunnid, baby, night gonna be hot 6pm on clock, baby, I'm coming on the block Fly under the moon, fly under the moon, yeah Wandering among the clouds, want wake up my mood, yeah All these bitches suck, oh, yeah Im feeling good, yeah I said you don't love bitches, baby, yeah, that's what I said Boys don't hear my words, that niggas leaved the gang
But I don't got time for that We so good, with no commitment That's how I feel Just keepin' it real wit you That's how I feel Just keepin' it real wit you She wan be my wife But I don't got time for that
We so good, with no commitment Sorry if I hurt you, never meant to do that Chasing a dream not a girl gotta pursue that Sorry if I hurt you, never meant to do that I wanna love but I can't paranoia holds me close I love the vibe so bad think I might just overdose I would give you my all but I gotta do these shows Sorry this the life I chose ohhhh
You'll be on my mind every time that I feel alone Die on the road imma die rockin' vlone You got new one to forget but he's my clone If you miss me don't think twice call my phone I was wishing for love, jus like Timmy Timmy And now I got it, but I'm way too busy busy Man life so tricky tricky I'm feelin' 50/50
I ain't really finna tell y'all how to get away with murder and shit Hey, yeah I don't got the time for a bitch I don't got a dime for a bitch Percocet I pop, make me itch She was in my mind, like a tick I don't got the time for a bitch I don't got a dime for a bitch
Percocet I pop, make me itch She was in my mind, like a tick That bitch in my head, parasite Pull up in that ghost, Poltergeist Pull up with the pipe, shoot 'em 40 times He don't want no smoke, cancerous Prolly smoke him like a cancer stick Give me head, no psychiatrist
Pulled up with that choppa, let it hit You a clown, you a clown, It Playin' tag with that gun, you're it Now I got these labels on my dick, right If it ain't 50 million, that shit hit, right 'Cause that's how many bitches that's gon' pull up and get smashed See I'm gon' ball so hard, I feel like Kevin, no Durant You know I'm doin' everything they said that I can't, I'm the man
Mmhh never home Designer cuz I'm never home I drip Chanel cuz I'm never home Maybe I'm feeling crayz but - we ain't got time for homies And homies got no time fo us, I think bout them steady cuz - that's how we grew up bud' And now they knew us once, I thought I lost control but errbody did before
I know what I'm talking bout and I know what I standing fo' Least of the people can say that too You look into my eyes and you can tell that im high That means I'm flyer than you all I got my live on a straight line - straight line and I light one I'm going to the top This beat pumps life thru my veins Life and I gain
More power than you fools More power and I rule the world Only me n God see how much money I spend She never leave the house without her friend When I call her phone she of course not home Rap CDs that's a lotta money spent They used to pull up in them foreigns I just used to pull out a strain
Cuz I might die This is it Say goodbye I don't know what to think I don't think I'm alive She don't care what I think Cuz I might die This is it
Say goodbye I know that you think that I'm crazy Well baby I'm crazy about you I know that you hate me Well baby, I hate me too Baby I don't got the time To tell you that I'm fine You don't ever pick up your line
But baby I can pick up on all your lies I can see the snake in your eyes I seen it bout a million times But girl you don't have to lie Cuz you'll be sorry the day I die Oh yeah I know that you think that I'm crazy Well baby I'm crazy about you
I can't feel my face, what about you Then I hop out the coupe Bitch, I'm rockin' Bape on my shoes Thundergun, I'ma blast you Shooting vibrations in your boot I'm Sora, you goof Ducking my fade like a roof Sitting down, eating sea-salt ice cream
All these niggas act like they don't like me You a opp, I pull up and we fighting Bad bitch at the crib and she light-skin There's no fear in my heart I keep this blade so I don't fall apart I do this so easily, it's hard I'm throwin' turtle shells at your car Ice, Ice, Ice on my wrist
Ice, Ice, Ice on my wrist So high in my room I can't feel my face, what about you Then I hop out the coupe Bitch, I'm rockin' Bape on my shoes Thundergun, I'ma blast you Shooting vibrations in your boot I'm Sora, you goof
Ducking my fade like a roof Pussyboy, you a nuisance You see me, I'm taking off in my space Benz I face it, they acting like I'm faceless I'm not no crip, but you see me with those facetats I'm heartless, running into the darkness I got the keyblade just in case a nigga wanna start shit I'm smoking up on this gas pack
Put a bullet in my head when I'm off the Prozac Tell me why I wanna die 'cause I ain't got no fuckin' goals Bullet to my brain got some blow up in my nose Blood drippin' from my face I can't even feel my toes I can smell 'em from a mile they don't even fuckin' know And I can feel it in my veins that's why I'm dyin' real slow I gotta get clean before the bullet tears a hole I feel lost and trapped consumed by all these drugs
Put a bullet in the chamber and I'll kill my fuckin' plug Why I feel this fuckin' way when I'm crying in the back Put a bullet to my brain stick a knife up in my back Put a bullet in my head when I'm off the Prozac Tell me why I wanna die 'cause I ain't got no fuckin' goals Bullet to my brain got some blow up in my nose Blood drippin' from my face I can't even feel my toes I can smell 'em from a mile they don't even fuckin' know
She was my downfall that's why I had to drop that bitch That boy was my downfall that's why I left him in the ditch Keep talkin' boy and you'll see what happens to a snitch I ain't got no fuckin' money but I swear that girl she make me rich Got a new baby swear my ex bitch a fuckin' witch Keep talkin' all that smack and you gon need a slip stitch Ain't tryna buy no drugs get outta here with that sales pitch I just get outta town before they kill me
I swear you ain't my friend, bitch you is my fuckin' downfall I just wanna stop all this shit, why can't they hear me? I swear they make me sick I might have to make a phone call Drugs were my downfall that's why I fuckin' stopped that shit She was my downfall that's why I had to drop that bitch That boy was my downfall that's why I left him in the ditch Keep talkin' boy and you'll see what happens to a snitch I ain't got no fuckin' money but I swear that she girl make me rich
Ogey I mean Where the fuck should I really even start Drakes a bitch stomp him out in the dark He a little tiny minnow I'm a shark I'm shooting needles bitch I'm a dart Bitch ass flop around like a damn carp You was 15 acting on Degrassi Stop tryna talk tough act all nasty
You got mob ties tryna act like a pimp shit Not the king of rap you the king of the simps bitch Fuck Drake he a bitch stomp his ass to the curb Beat him up flip him off write your own shitty words Scorpion was a flop go make your shitty pop Don't care about the music he just wants the guap 6 God? I'm the 666 God You the shit? You're a big fat dip wad
Caze Montana E ye e ye e ye Hey Sonto Sonto Men am looking for the girl with the biggest behind Thotiana say she fine biko baby make it whine whine whine , lord Men am looking for the girl with the biggest behind Thotiana Biko come come come Biko whine whine whine ye
Uh ye I Dey pray make I love o I ge bum madu , I ge bum madu yor yor yor Hey Amaka get the kind of body wey Dey pop Na so she put all the men in a rush Making money everyday is a must No be lies no be lie oh
Amaka get the kind of body wey Dey pop Na so she put all the men in a rush Making money everyday is a must No be lies no be lie oh Thotiana say she fine biko baby make it whine whine whine , lord Thotiana Biko come come come Biko whine whine whine hey Uh ye No be lies no be lie
Renegade, renegade, renegade I just been hitting my goal I just been hitting the goal I just been hitting the goal I just been hitting my goal I'm hitting my goal I jump in the Lambo I jump in the Lambo
They tryna slow me up They can't slow me up They tryna slow me up If you play on the field, then you play the plan I tell my girl I catch that pass like the NFL Them boys kinda wack, how they dip my deal And I ripped that thing up, and I disappeared Now I land up in that booth and I reappeared
Reazy in the cut, we gon cook your ear Gotta see the vision You gotta really want it I write it down so I could Just check on it My dawg locked up, he said "Check on me" Homie, keep them checks on me Yeah, he line up, but really he can't check, homie
Get a ticket to my clout train All these fake dudes in my class I can see through like glass Like an invisible mask Groupin' like a church mass But the rap game is trash So they ask me to rap Slap their name on a track
And hang on to my backpack Groupin' like a church mass But the rap game is trash So they ask me to rap Slap their name on a track And hang on to my backpack Clout chasin' Bag chasin'
You're bitchmade You're gonna cry, lookin sour like some lemonade Give me face Thick babes in my fucking wraith Your lonely ass is looking stale like some old Lays Old Lays You ain't making any plays Im blowing up
Bitch im making money plays I'm next up Bitch, better shift your gaze Im flexed up Bitch I hit harder than Mace You ain't got no fucking clout, you're a loser I'm the new wave, bitch I'm turning lunar I drive a drop top, you drive a scooter
Ie teksay our inou Maymi tegied emmo, Maymi wa teksied telefoen Ienaj maymi Tegiedaj tamara Laydik ba3deyi, ayaw miejek gafi Wa tegza sha ghari Way way, way way, raja gefi Maymi tegied emmo, Maymi wa teksied telefoen
Ienaj maymi Bekle, birakma Bunu bana yapma, Bunu bana yapma Rennen in de regen zonder paraplu Ze wilt mij, ze maakt mij para nu Ben op m`n para nu dat is cash Ze had de smaak te pakken net flash, kauwgom Jij weet dat die money gauw komt
I got hella clout, hella clout I got hella clout, hella clout Yo bitch tryna fuck me she just want some clout Young ballin came up from the drought2x Told them Ima make it I got zero doubt Ima stay on top I can't come down Niggas bite my styles niggas bite my sound Ten toes down getting to the check
All I want is money, power, and respect All I want is head and dome don't want sex Onna road fell alseep in a jet Got back home from Rome shoot like Calderon Bust it in her mouth for the camera phone Boy yo pockets hurt you are injury prone I dont got nobody got it on my own If you fuck with me you gone play my song
I aint gotta tell you go play my song 20 for a feature hit up my phone Rap on a verse sing on a course I remember days sitting onna portch Been had the torch showing no remorse Its a dirty game tryna make a name Tryna get sum fame you should do the same Call up my nigga ju if we throwing hands
3 piece 4 piece 6 piece I don't tolerate that sneak diss Call up Tamia for a big bitch I don't fight fair jumped on a beat I remember days wasn't shit to eat Now Im balling hard with no shooting sleeve Tryna stack my money up to six feet Tryna put myself up in a big crib
Ima stay on top I can't come down Niggas bite my styles niggas bite my sound Ten toes down getting to the check All I want is money, power, and respect All I want is head and dome don't want sex Onna road fell alseep in a jet She just wanna fuck me for some clout She just wanna fuck me for some clout
Kaise batau mai, tujhe mai chahta tha Aashiq mai tera tu kisi aur ki diwaani thi Kaise na bolun khwaabon mein bhi tujhe paata hoon Jhooth naa bolun khwaab mein bhi muskurata hoon Likhta hoon mere har shabd tere baare mein Dikh gya sab ko teri aankhein jaane kyun hai band Jaane kyun aisi tu jaane kyun hai ghamand Jaanta hoon thoda mai ho gya hoon rude
Kaise main bolun tujhe kaise mai bataun Karta hoon pyaar ye kaise mai jataun Kaise mai bataun bin tere adhoora hoon Kya ye jadoo hai tera hota hai ahsaas Dur hi rehna hai to kyun aati hai itne paas Kaise jiyunga mai kaise mai le loon saans Tere baare mein likhun kanpte kyun ye haath Wo bole badla mai kaise muh dikhaunga
Chahe ho akhiri saans phir bhi tujhko chahunga Jhoothe hain saare dost jo bhi tere saath hain Tu meri jaan le mai phir bhi ye bataunga Tu meri jaan le mai phir bhi ye bataunga Chahe ho aakhiri saans phir bhi tujhko chahunga Agar koi saath na ho Jiske bin reh nahi sakte Usse hi baat na ho
Aankhon mein aansu na ho Aisi koi raat nahi hai Mar gya pyaar ya phir Tujhme hi jazbaat nahi hai Bayan mai kya kyun kin halaton mein aa gira hoon Kaisi hai halat meri kaise mai khud ko dhundun Paaya nahi hai phir bhi khone ke dar se darta hoon Dosti nahi mujhe tujhse chahiye aashiqui
Said Gave you all I had, you threw it in the back, yeah you threw it in the, threw it in the Said Gave you all I had, you threw it in the back, yeah you threw it in the, threw it in the Hide all the pain and show no emotion, last ho I was with left my heartbroken Now I'm insane just what you were hoping, seen it in your eyes you were going through the motions Learn from the first time you were an angel, but deep down inside I know you're fatal Tears in my eyes I knew she wouldn't make it, thought she was real but she was kind of basic R.I.P. like Juice, yeah I'll see you soon Wrote it in the sky that is true
Hai mere beech main Per main speed main Abhi label saare bhage mere peeche Gang karo bang main solo Lamborghini tera bhai main na slow bro Ye hai escobar keep it low low Har ek bar de pachaad jaise stone cold Main tha underrated am low low
Am chillin like villain like mojo Gucci lui bhi pehnu main on show I'm selling the dope feint some more dope Gaadi daude meri sau ki speed pe Gati meri cheerti toofaan tezi scene ye Gaane baje Lambo main We top of the scene yeah Shwattie want a reply
Lambo wali feel le ay-ay Gaadi daude meri sau ki speed pe Gati meri cheerti toofaan tezi scene ye Gaane baje Lambo main We top of the scene yeah Shwattie want a reply Lambo wali feel le ay-ay Mujhpe karna tu ek upkaar
Patli gully se hoja tu faraar Tola-tola gang mera kala manaal Mere flows mere bars meri beat angaar Main shateer kheli tu chalna na chaal Super duper se bhi uper ka maal Banger pe banger main karta khalas Amitabh bachchan ye meri sarkar Main tha underrated am low-low
Am chillin like villain like mojo Gucci lui bhi pehnu main on show I'm selling the dope feint some more dope Police lage abhi chase pe Nakli Rapper mere peeche pade Kyunki unhe laga ye race hai Fast meri ye lambo Rap ke jungle me mein jango
Akele in sab ko khol doon Log bolne lage mujhe Rambo Gear kare tu shift Meri waali automatic Meri gadi kare drift Teri Bandi bole savage Hot car pe hot wheels aur Tight mera grip grip
Upar se neeche tak Gucci wali drip-drip Gaadi itni tez ab Main ban chuka hoon tezab Acid wala flow Toh phir chalu karo trip trip Haath sabka uper kudo mere saath Karke dikhate na dete khote raag
I've been waiting I've been waiting I've been waiting for you all day Say you go look my face Tell me where you dey Make I come tha place I've been waiting, I've been waiting Baby no delay, Jeka kolombi Jeka sherey!
As you dey totori me like this o Na you go cure my craze Girl, if you want, I go cry you a river o I go cry you a river o Just to show you Your love dey make me Kpalanga If you want, I'll empty account o I'll empty my account o
Your love dey make me Kpalanga Oya kpa, ku kpa, ku kpa kpa No be say, I want to see your pata Oya ja ju ju kpa ju ju kpa kpa kpa If you want, I'll empty account o I'll empty my account o I've been waiting for you For you all day
Day, day, day, day Tell me, tell me where you Where you dey Dey, dey, dey I've been Baby, no delay Lay, lay, lay, lay, lay, lay As you dey totori me like this o
Bunch of niggas with me lookin' like, "Copy" Bunch of lookin' ass bitches tryna watch me No Itachi Bitch, I'm rollin' like my nigga on Degrassi Put some money on my head, but your shooter missed But you know karma is a bitch just like you a bitch Walked in the pet store said, "Get me a cobra" Gotta keep your friends close, enemies closer
You know wifey from Australia, she said, "Cheers, mate" Then we toast and see how you niggas' tears taste Mix the soda and codeine, that's a mixtape And if you hatin', come and say it to my dick face But who the fuck want war? No one so far Two cups, no straw, bustdown Chopard Smoke medicinal 'cause I'm sick I'm 5'5", them Balencis make me 5'6"
It's my shit, nigga, smell that I'm in the Koenigsegg, nigga, spell that Where they sell that? I'm goin' turbo, yeah Stompin' on a nigga turf 'til I get turf toe, yeah Heard you got your own wave, no surfboard, damn Told her, "Give me dirty head, no shampoo" I like my blunt Remy thick, no capoose
Talkin' shit and it taste like apples You not poppin' My drip droppin', nigga, you gon' mop it Get your popcorn, nigga, I've been poppin' since Pop Warner Nigga, I pop up and Pop-Tart a nigga, what's poppin'? Yeah, Uzi on my seat Money on my mind, so I usually overthink Yeah, I'm runnin' out of time, so I bought another Rollie
Once upon a time, that's the moral of the story You're a Cookie Monster , lookin' at a goblin Got a pussy popper , I call her Mary Poppins I got a few choppers , I like to have my options If you a goon, nigga, I'm a balloon, nigga Bunch of niggas with me lookin' like, "Copy" Bunch of bitches lookin' at me like Papi I say, "Grazie"
Micheal Jackson Moon walking Fuck the talkin' Bitch it's really up Bitch it's really fucked up Micheal Jackson Smooth talkin' Smooth walkin'
Smooth criminal Bitch I know how to move critical Moon walkin' Fuck the talkin' Bitch it's really up Bitch it's really fucked up Smooth talkin' Smooth walkin'
Smooth criminal Bitch I know how to move critical Pull up on a mother fucking dragon Yo lil' boy yo wussup what just happend Game of poker Like a dice i could just roll ya Freak lil' bitch yeah i think she go pneumonia Moon walkin'
One-two, yeah, look, yeah Yeah, this dummy ask if she can touch the jewelry Get out my mitt your man is actin' like a fuckin' stoolie Bury me in the golden urn I'm The Last Tamuli Y'all don't really want the fuckin' drama this is not kabuki I squash fifty-seven y'all while playin' racket ball Maybe y'all was playin' Dragon Ball and sniffin' Adderall The cuete little but it splash 'em like a cannon ball
You play your mother basement while I play the corner I like a massive body count and have my things in order I rob Peter to pay Paul just to pay the pauper I have my Jewish lawyer there so he could gauge the offer I sent my Costa Rican shooter out to plug the hell we in The mic in my face outside the court like Doug Llewelyn You tryin' to go to war with somebody who Machiavellian You tryin' to go to war with someone who a black Sicilian
Shots gon' fly-y-y Ya better get lo-o-ow Ya wanna ask why-y-y Divine hands serve the blind man like Lazarillo Shells coverin' his body like an armadillo I got some Salvatrucha bangin' out in Amarillo It's hard to grasp, ahki why you tryin' to pawn my minnow Goretex military how we rock apparel
This a murder archetype that's why I shot the sparrow We ain't the same ahki, we a different cell type Goofy's gon' fall for the banana in the tail pipe Doing 2301 is how you earn your jail stripes I can smell a rat and mafucker you don't smell right Them Jack boys lookin' sloppy tryin' to retire Papi Cause motherfuckers here before you like Passamaquoddy Every bar is animated like it's Myazaki
U not on no block, u ain't clutching no Glock Im dressed up in trues, horseshoes on my socks As for the game, i got it on lock Dissing my fam know i have to pop Fuckin that bitch she be askin to stop No i cannot stop, i'm ballin too hard they be kicking me outta the court Tally the bodies im killing for sport Caught yo ass lackin it's mission abort
Killing these niggas got blood on my shirt Need me a bag so i'm putting in work I laugh in there face, i gotta switchblade in my hand so you ain't finna flake Rolling a blunt now i'm showing up late Know i'm up next still don't know what the future awaits Hate all my opps so i gotta erase Hate all my opps so i got my own plate Run up a check like i'm running a race
Speeding too fast they can't pick up the pace Chop off ya limbs got a smile on my face Smoking on gas now i'm floating in space Smokin on piff $65 for the eighth We come for the top, these niggas get mopped U talk about me get the fuck off my cock U not on no block, u ain't clutching no Glock Im dressed up in trues, horseshoes on my socks
What the fuck, if a nigga want a problem try yo mama's billies up Young blood gang nigga with the fucking "Fuck a crip" See a sand walking, shoot him in his lip Oh shit, got his baby mama sucking dick Yeah I'm 5-9, bitches prime time, filayo brim Brimlayo, my apes shoot you nine times Sixtynine, it was good, ninetythree was even better Red bandana on my bitch and make that pussy even wetter
Brimlayo, all my apes, they gon say filayo brim Brimlayo, all my apes, they gon say filayo brim Its 5-9, prime time, who the fuck is them? You dont want no smoke, dont want no jazz, nigga Got the fully automatic with an extra mag, nigga Super Mario the way I smash, nigga What the fuck, fuck is this niggas talking bout man? Its YungMal on the track, ville boys, VNT, POS, whole lotta gang shit nigga
Think I'm broke? You a silly nigga, smack you silly nigga If you see me, you dont speak, that mean you dont feel me nigga Paid a thousand for my feats just to go get GD in About to throw up that 30 hop, I be with some greedy niggas If you snitching who I cap, I'll get this dollar fifty nigga What the fuck, if a nigga want a problem try yo mama's billies up Young blood gang nigga with the fucking "Fuck a crip" See a sand walking, shoot him in his lip
Aye, you know what the fuck goin' on We in this bitch with Zero, we got in this muhfucka, nigga we got Keshore in this bitch Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch I want a big bag, if it ain't bout the guap, nigga I don't even wanna speak Lil' shawty a big fan, she gon' follow IG, then she tryna lick a nigga meat Nigga like the ceiling fan off the molly, I'm rollin' these niggas Want smoke, they get meet Nigga this a Bentley, not a motherfuckin' Jeep
Hundred round drum make you sing like I want a big bag, if it ain't bout the guap, nigga I don't even wanna speak Lil' shawty a big fan, she gon' follow IG, then she tryna lick a nigga meat Nigga like the ceiling fan off the molly, I'm rollin' these niggas Want smoke, they get meet Nigga this a Bentley, not a motherfuckin' Jeep Hundred round drum make you sing like Superman, baby, she be fucking on a soulja boy
Kerosene heart, I got fire in my lungs, boy Walk inside of Walmart screamin' fire at the employees I'ma make a fuckin' riot, just so I can hear you scream Baby get off, off with that bitch Playing Lorde at the edge of the beach You chillin', while she suckin' on a meat Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Watch that, two Glocks
Rocket in my pocket ill pop it up at yuh boo, I got women in my phone talking like we is cool, Girl get out my phone leave me alone I got the tool, Send one through yuh dome and send you home like you a fool, Rocket in my pocket ill pop it up at yuh boo, I don't need a women cause just got some shit to do, fr It takes a lot of time and effort things I can't pursue, on god It works out at the end but right now gotta pay my due, fr
Gotta get straight to the finish cause I'd really hate to lose, on god While the devil on my back holding my feet like he is glue All his demons on my shoulders blinding me from what I do, uhhuh So that shit is really hard I'm finding ways to make it through, uhhuh It's gonna be a minute till I find myself a boo, uhhuh These women think I'm playing but this music is what I do This music is my passion it really had helped me thru It's what I'm gon fulfill and it's what I'm gonna pursue
Tonight I have been rollin' 'round Tonight we was loud with my dawg I have not any reasons to be in the club All I doin' makin' my future with my luck Tonight I have been rollin' 'round Tonight we was loud with my dawg I have not any reasons to be in the club All I doin' makin' my future with my luck
I ain't never done shit I'm staying in my lane All you pussies lame I'm at the top of my game Keep a motherfucking AK put a bullet your brain! I ain't fucking with this opp shit Talking all that smack on Twitter your ass gon get dropped quick Your ass gon get drop quick Bitch I came in with the big beam steady aiming Get hit with the death beam Might need a green bean
Keep a chopper with a scope on it I hope you know of it And you look like hocus pocus bitch and I ain't with that shit They say ramen why you chilling in the trap? I done told you I ain't fucking with these posers they can pass through Thought I had it easy till they put themselves in my shoes Keep a Kung-fu grip on my stick when I pass through Big bloody bitch, mop bucket with the dirty stick
Honestly, it's the hardest decision of my life But it is the right decision for me Hundred band, hundred bands, hit that, AB dance Hundred band, hundred bands, hit that, AB dance I got the game and it's not on stuck I walked away like Andrew Luck I got the game and it's not on stuck I walked away like Andrew Luck
Told that bitch don't wear makeup today, I'm gon' nut on your face Decided I should move in a new way so I bought a new Wraith Yo' bitch see D in her face, I nicknamed her Blu-Ray Ayy, it rained in LA and it fucked up my day Told that bitch don't wear makeup today, I'm gon' nut on your face Decided I should move in a new way so I bought a new Wraith Yo' bitch see D in her face, I nicknamed her Blu-Ray When you speak to me, stay out my face, unless you use toothpaste
When they hear this, they gon' copy, wait, but ain't no way they could paste When she get here, I get sloppy, wait for it, then nut on her face Pussy free, boy, I will never pay for it, now that's a disgrace Bought a new exotic pitbull pocket, okay, my last dog got replaced Bought some new exotic soda pop and I just love how it taste Amsterdam, I go to coffee shop and purchased pot right away Candied Yam color-coded the drop and sort the top on his way This top I rock right now Prada, 'bout two thousand dollars I paid
100it Mo, I ain't giving up Need a 100it Mo, I ain't had enough Need a 100it Mo, I ain't had enough I ain't going out bad, Nah, Nah, Nah I ain't going out sad, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah They be actin' up then they out, out, out Hundred grand, that got me glad I be working, I ain't got time for the hoe
They be lurking right outside my window I be surfing with my Slime, my Migo Really I did this alone, but I still got a... 100it Mo, I ain't giving up John Wick shooting, aiming out the roof I'm like the Green Goblin, pull up with my goons Turn the heat up, tell me is you cool? If you looking for the drip, I'll toss you in a pool
I do not mean to be rude One day I will rule Tell'em forget the rules I just call her my boo-boo I wanna go out with you, you I don't wanna go out with the goon, goon No, I am not with the fool-fool I'm a go find me a Blue's Clue
Oral Bee! The Playboy Foundation! Fra Oslo til USA, baby! Du vet vi duezer det big! Du vet vi gjor det sa gangsta! Du vet vi gjor det sa thowed! What it do... Yo, it's that pimp Oral Beezy with Juice and Blaze I'm all up in the club tryna choose a face
Lil' mamy, don't lose the pace Shake it like dice, and we gon dueze the trays I usually stays at The Holiday Izzin Lady, call me up if you ready for some kissin' Yeah, I know you've got a man, but just listen This playboy from Norway is what you've been missin' Lille playboy, jeg switcher fort Hvis du far meg et rom med din bitch, er det gjort
Anders Smedstad, den sleske sjarmoren Han som pimper hoes som Bjorn Einar Romoren Ey Juice, I like the hoes in your region And holla at your boy if you likes the Norwegian... ...freaks, cuz I've got four in the range It's about time to do a foreign exchange We're goin' world wide, city to city We go "all the girls lookin' real pretty!"
Is Kamine pan ki had chod Is lalchi soch se bhag jau Oodu me chadarr acchai ki or Me pyaar ki badd me doob jao Karu shuruwat naye jeewan ki Neend se uthu or pyara kash pau Vyavhar banau me panchiyo se or Unki madad se Uddna sikhu
Terkar pochu me us par jaha Khade hoke apni zindagi dekhu Chalo chale khele asman se us Jiske pani me parchai ho Chad jau kisi ped pe dekh ke Sukh sabke apni ankhen sekkon Or mujhe koi farak nahi padta koi kya hi kahega Nazuk sa tan mera kya hi sahega
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and so I rise The news on TV, I roll my eyes The good and the bad, it's do or die Like a snake with two heads saying "Blow out mines" Lord knows I'm trying, I just hope I'm fine If I live to see tomorrow, Lord you're too kind And I know in due time it'll be the end of time So if I buy some time that's some expensive time
Until my time is up I'm in the sky's above My eyes may be closed but I'm alive enough My eyes may be red, I seen a lot of bloods Started from the bottom, now it's bottoms up Got a couple questions, no response to one That's live for who? And that's die for what? I know I'm the guy that only God can judge I'ma rise up til I rise above, yeah
I told you I'm busy, so countin' some cash I'm probably doin' Booty and titty implants, all my bitches use it, mmm Let the maid clean up the mess so I don't gotta do it, mmm Niggas be thirsty, pass them a hydrated fluid, mmm I bought a private jet and almost crashed it when I flew it, mmm Bought my mama a glizzy and showed her how to use it, mmm I told you I'm busy, so countin' some cash I'm probably doin' Booty and titty implants, all my bitches use it, mmm
Ever since that I just rap, no more brick tossin' Never been back to the trap, 'cause the pigs watchin' Loaded and sprayed to the max, like we dishwashing Told her can't put it away, bitch I live by it Live by the gun and they say you get killed by it She ate the dick, a Cometha-dick diet Get off my dick, man why these niggas dickridin'? Bitch, I'm legit the hardest nigga hip-hoppin'
This isn't hip-hop to me, this is shit talkin' Shit that I spit is legit, not no bullshit Roll up a 3-gram spliff then pull it He on the 'Gram talkin' tough but he full of it Pull up on him, call his bluff just to prove it She say she not a thot, bitch who you foolin'? I know I'm not around a lot, bitch I be movin' I used to listen to rap on my iPod
How this goes? , It's up to you I'm on the road and I just pulled up in your city, yeah It's Diako She said, "You lucky!" Oh yah "Just come here!" Oh yah I can tell you ain't from here, oh yah When it rains, it pours, oh yah Counting money, you're snoring, oh damn
"Just come here!" Oh yah I can tell you ain't from here, oh yah When it rains, it pours, oh yah Counting money, you're snoring, oh damn Fuck me, oh yeah, yeah I got her naked at the door TTG, she trained to go She turned into an ocean as soon as she saw me
I might put my life on line to change my image You won't get that every time you in they picture So lately I been lurking like I'm Splinter Cell First I count my checks and then I flex on niggas You can place your bets I'm still gon' best on niggas Yeah I been on my own yeah I did that I told you I been on my own, yeah I did that I told you Every little thing that a nigga had to go through
Every little thing that a nigga had Been doing from the jump Yeah I did this by myself Stacking verses by the shelf Take em down then make a sale I put hearses up for sale your favorite rapper been in there You need churches when I'm done, you might just see your mans in hell I been flexing on them niggas who been talkin' down on gang
Those same niggas just gon' double back when they been in your lane I been chasing 911s but a Porsche is feeling plain Everything thing I'm building to, drop a forty on a dame Finding balance, you can charge it to the game For the talent, you can find another wave Shit is madness, shit been fuckin' with my brain Shit is madness, shit been fuckin' with my brain I dont got no time, no time, I got this bidness
I just work from time to time I change my pitches I might put my life on line to change my image You won't get that every time you in they picture So lately I been lurking like I'm Splinter Cell First I count my checks and then I flex on niggas You can place your bets Im still gon best on niggas Yeah I been on my own yeah I did that I told you I been on my own, yeah I did that I told you
Nigga 'round you lookin' lazy Hey, girl Hey Do you wanna be my baby? You said me be the best and I said alright Do you love me? Do you want me? Say me true, 'cause now Imma fallin' down, down
With my brother don't chase the fame With my gang make the bang Bae, I felt the pain an all days My friends know, I come from the long way I never lie you, but you cold Say me, where Im doing wrong Please say me, say me, yeah, yeah Meet that girl, say hello
Bae lookin' sad, bae lookin' cold Remember days, when I had been part of your soul Hope, you don't forget bout words that you told Bay, say that words, yeah, yeah, yeah Nigga 'round you lookin' lazy You said me be the best and I said alright Do you love me? Do you want me?
Don't stop, cause we feel the wave, that vibes we can get from the height Blinged out, don't know what do today There one who can help, this is my Mary Jane I don't know, why all girls are the same Cause I know who I was and I am Drop top, we on the way, fast car, just me and my gang Don't stop, cause we feel the wave, that vibes we can get from the height Blinged out, don't know what do today
There one who can help, this is my Mary Jane I don't know, why all girls are the same Cause I know who I was and I am Believe I can make somethin' bigger you Fakes in the grave, I found new Lookin' at the sky, it's all blue Like that pretty sea for Sanji's mood We found One Piece, gimme the loot
We come from the long way with my crew Don't tell me your stories, there no somethin' new, yeah I was ready for that lie No matter, where comin' to, we will be fine Yeah, baby have no time to die All we need is goin' high Don't need no fame, shinin' bright We want be stars on the sky
On the sky, yeah, yeah Nami helps me feel the wind, yeah, yeah Baby, do you feel the vibes? Uh, yeah Uh, yeah Believe I can make somethin' bigger you Like that pretty sea for Sanji's mood We found One Piece, gimme the loot
If you have no purpose, so you, nigga, going die I never left my work, don't wanna spend my fuckin time I'm don't lookin back, nigga, woah I'm just thinking with my head, nigga, woah I love my shit, do it my hands, nigga, woah I just need to take a height Help my mom and help my dad So I don't need your fuckin' fame
One, two, three, four, yeah Was a friends, I let them go, yeah One so love that fuckin' hoe, yeah If you have no purpose, so you, nigga, going die I never left my work, don't wanna spend my fuckin time I'm don't lookin back, nigga, woah I'm just thinking with my head, nigga, woah I love my shit, do it my hands, nigga, woah
See they still bad, but Im not Try be the best, but Im so fucked up Watch for fuckin' clout I see these niggas on my block See they still bad, but Im not Try be the best, but Im so fucked up Pick up new bag with my motherfuckin gang What are you say?
Pick up more money, got it with my fuckin brain What they can say? Want be so high flyin on the jetplane Yeah, only jetplane Believe, I can make you remember my name Remember my name All my life Im going up Going up, baby
Maybe one of day Fasho, we'll leave that planet, cause we wanna take a height Baby, what you say? Fasho, I know, you don't leave me, cause you not a same Maybe one of day Fasho, we'll leave that planet, cause we wanna take a height I put on my wrist so many ice, but that's a lie, yeah See you baby girls, which always wanna make a fire
You can do anything for all that money, like a die, yeah If you like this girls, man, I just say you bye, yeah I want your love I want you all With you feel no broke Please, don't leave me alone Just call on my phone Please, don't leave me alone
Wanna be with you, why not? Wanna be with you, why not? All that people wanna make me feel hard You the one, who take place for my heart Somebody of them wanna makin' me hurt, hurt But I've been movin' alone too long Many mistakes say me that my way wrong, yeah Look, bae Im takin' my soul outside of the fuckin' Earth
I can do that, cause Im early bird All that fakes now sleep under dirt, yeah, yeah Look at me now Look at me now, bae That niggas loud That niggas loud, bae You want the clout You want the clout, bae
She forgot my name, I don't wanna more Now we go away, can't see each other anymore Now Im makin' bang, feelings fuckin' dope Takin' fuckin' height, takin' more 'n' more Album on the way, pedal to the floor Hoe wanna be my bae, so, so I close the door, yeah Under fuckin' rain, under fuckin' rain, yeah Under fuckin' rain, under purple rain, yeah
Under purple rain, under purple rain, yeah, yeah, yeah-ah, yeah-ah Under fuckin' rain, under purple rain, yeah Under purple rain, under purple rain, yeah, yeah, yeah-ah, yeah-ah Stayin' under purple rain, hoe I know rain can movin' too slow That girl don't wanna give me more All that bitches just wanna let you fall Baby, I know all what you will say
I cannot hear that anymore at everyday All I can do, go even to keep grow She forgot my name, I don't wanna more Now we go away, can't see each other anymore Now Im makin' bang, feelings fuckin' dope Takin' fuckin' height, takin' more 'n' more Album on the way, pedal to the floor Hoe wanna be my bae, so, so I close the door, yeah
Only roll on that real good loud pack Smoke only on torch yeah I'm bout dat Got a bad joint met her at a good spot Got her number right there yeah get them digits Then I hit that hit that hit that Hit that hit that hit that I unt' hit it if it got seeds in it I'm in love with the head B. Clinton
I sparked up a stog in the bed she wit' it Yes we only smoke on good pack We only smoke on good pack Umm girl Turn around and umm Damn Girl You look really uhh aye
Well let me tell ya we high that's understood She goin she goin she goin she goin let me Yoom Ima break the pussy like a kit kat Ima hit the good tree then I hit dat dat Only thing on my mind is the get back Gotta keep it sealed cause it's boomin out da ziplock Yes we only keep dat fuckin' torch pack She love it when I hit dat
Aye you know what I'm saying we smokin' on torchy Bad bitch wit me and she know I'm boutta rebidorchy Aye And I love the finest strains of the Californian Yeah Gotta plug out Portland wit all the lower numbers Yes I split dat wit my nigrats We goin get this money
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm Ya boys in a gang so don't fuck with me I got abused all my life so just say "lucky me" So much of a chicken just cluck buddy Ya boys in a gang so don't fuck with me Fuck with our gang if you dare we don't care
There, see, me and this gang are breathing that sweet air Let this sick G confesses his many sins, where He murders those whore bitches until they kill bears Rapin' sluts in public so they can just stare Hatin' on cunts who don't wanna join my gang I get to tit fuck bimbos who all look the same I got abused all my life so just say "lucky me" So much of a chicken just cluck buddy
Held my first gun, drank some rum and spilt cum on my mum I've killed everyone, even my unborn son I'm hygienic so I don't rape babies cause they smell Well, we'll forget about that one time cause it was a fail I've got a list of people to kill It doesn't affect how I feel, choke them with a shit tone of pills I fuck pussies and get them wet, alert, no rain That's what I said to Kurt Cobain
Commit a drive by, make their children cry, and force them to drink their tears Bury them alive, leave them there for years, kill a room full of ques Masturbate over Britney Spears and I even rape a Disney deer And that's why Bambey has fear whenever I'm near You can try and hit me but I'll just smack your ear I set fire to cars, cover myself with tar in Aberdeen And wash it off with gasoline and fuckin' trash the scene And leave a note to the police saying this is Small Barry
None of my cars ain't rented All matte black, my windows tinted Fuck a bitch once say, "Now I'm finished" None of my cars ain't rented All matte black, my windows tinted Let me flex my house Don't be jealous because yours is like a mouse I'm hung like someone who's suicidal
Imma load of fun cause I'm your music idol I'll cum in the bitch of a foolish rival I want a new rival but I'm just too delightful And plus I rap like 8 miles just like the movie title I make racks on racks on racks Put my sack on her rack just like fack I've got the knack that every other rapper lacks Bill Gates lives in a shack compared to my crib
I fuckin' hate you, and, yes, I mean it, alright They might just kill you if you around it, you cough Fuckboy, get too close, I'll break your vertebrae, warning Motherfucker, it's a national emergency Not afraid of death, no freakin' way "Why?" 'cause they turn in grave Bitch, I am a virus, scientist can not exterminate COVID-19, COVID-19
Vidi, vidi mala Ja sad odoh, tebi hvala Ciao, hvala Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum Zdravimo se kuc-kuc, hey yeah Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum Varimo kush kush, hey yeah Ela, tako mi to radimo
Ela, kujama ga stavimo Ja sad odoh, tebi hvala Hajde dok smo mladi Sampanjac u kadi Sve cu da ti nabavim ko da sam Aladin Nova kola, novi body Samo mila radi, radi, pa me odradi Na afteru ribe piju Keglevich
Mi duvamo kao trube Bregovic Celu ovu igru sam skonto Vidi mi u bankama konto Ko da dobio sam loto, ribu sam ti oto Balkan ti je to, ovde niko ne zna bonton Poslala mi foto, upalila mi motor Trazila mi prsten, reko' "Nisam ti ja Frodo" Na bongo, tako mi to cadimo
Ja Jeg vet jeg har stamina, ooh Hun er min Pamela, ooh Hun star foran camera, ooh Hvis hun fryser jeg gir henne Canada Goose Hun er min Pamela, ooh Hun fryser, jeg gir henne Canada Goose, ja Jeg gir henne Canada Goose, ja
Jeg gir henne Canada Goose, ja Kjoper deg en veske min baby Tror ikke at de kan teste min baby Pa tide vi tar det til neste steg baby Hun far meg til a skrive et vers Det er bare henne i mitt univers Litt smerte og tarer det vet jeg det er verdt Vart band kan'ke ryke na, det er for sterkt, yeah
Gjennom min by De hater, men vi e'kke venner med de Jeg har noen homies som selger noen keys Jeg har noen homies som brenner sin weed I studio og jobber, da glemmer vi tid De snakker, men ingen som kjenner mitt liv Vi er pa niva na, det er ikke de Vi er pa niva na, det er ikke de
I studio og jobber, da glemmer vi Hvis hun fryser jeg gir henne Canada Goose Hun fryser, jeg gir henne Canada Goose, ja E'kke fra gata, men det er min mentalitet Vi stopper aldri vi gar ikke ned Ha'kke tenkt til a selge min sjel Selvom djevelen gir meg god pris Ha'kke tenkt a komme ned
Viral Baow Leak Bitch don't slip on my lean Fill my cup 'till it leak Pop a Perc imma leak Pull my bitch in Now she leak
I don't drip bitch I leak No I don't drip I be leaking She eat it up like a sweet I like that bitch she a freak She know how to make it leak Bon appetit Wipe that floor there's a leak Watch your step there's a leak
Grab that mop and get sweep Turn you shirts to a leak Now his name is Malique I know where you sleep Lil' nigga I knew for a week He don't believe So you gonna see 30 with a Beemer
I'm bout the feed 'em I'm bout to leave 'em Got check if he breathin' Grr Baow Chaz Money be wilin' Chaz Money be scheming Bitch I'm a demon My bitch like that white
Then she suck me right, uh, leak Bitch don't slip on my lean Fill my cup 'till it leak Pop a Perc imma leak Pull my bitch in Now she leak I don't drip bitch I leak No I don't drip I be leaking
She eat it up like a sweet I like that bitch she a freak She know how to make it leak Bon appetit Wipe that floor there's a leak Watch your step there's a leak Grab that mop and get sweep Turn you shirts to a leak
Now his name is Malique Viral It's me Look She the freak of the week Suck me off I got weak But she cannot get me for free She gave me head in the back of the jeep
Two cars Deep Creep Go put your bitch on a leash I do the job and so they hiring me Shoulda seen you when we firing three Good eats Going out fleece
I fuck you bitch with a freak She suck me off in the jeep She make it clap to the beat I like how she handle for beemin I told that bitch I had a dream That pussy gone put me to sleep I need a girl that's a lean I be your favorite thing
Pull out the child at the lot Told em mess 15 mess NDL Busting all the kids at the park I just kissed my gram Ya Pour up that tasty soup Its so tasty I got the children in the back
Karein ge baat Saari raat Chori howi na udaas bas is jag ko sojaanay Jo Is Jag Ko Sojane Do Tere Sapne Saja Dunga Karenge baat sari raat chori howi na udaas bas is jag ko sojaanay do Asal rap aj Chad deya Commercial da ve dor ae mein man leya Par ae ta nikki gal ae
Zindagi de maslayaan da is ich kia koi hal ae Naaa Bina faiday de mein kiti se paar ve haddaan Loki ithay jaahil ne par taahein kharab mein aj aan Mein ki sochaan twaadi soch ae Chup kar k beja tenu kis gal da Josh ae Bachi bolay mjhe time de Par mein phassa practical life mein Tensionein lawaan kinni kinni rakhaan side te
Wekhda na aapnu mein tor dittay ayeenay Chada jinnu aj uddi kyun yaad ayee hai Adhi raat nu mein jedi kiti si adhi baat oh puri kyun mein karaan samajh aandi ve kadday na Khairr Lokaan da ki ae ta shuru toun ne larday Mande ni par ae saaray mere kolon sarrde Chad ditta par oh Sara jithay tusi phas gaye Laga gaya narkh toun mein bahir tusi jal gaye
Denda dil sohnay mukhray nu Karein ge baat Saari raat Chori howi na udaas bas is jag ko sojaanay Jo Is Jag Ko Sojane Do Tere Sapne Saja Dunga Karenge baat sari raat chori howi na udaas bas is jag ko sojaanay do Janay Do x3 Rawa ga khush jana bhul jana bas mujhe
And I'm bout it, bitch I'm really solid, fuck my enemies Keep that trident yeh it be beside meh, nigga we can squeeze ahhh Yeah But I'm on ta betta thangs na takin trips floating all around volcano bay na Coppin whips I just went and bought a brand new sleigh na Stacking chips I don't wanna see a rainy day na Yeah I'm paranoid, it's kinda strange yeahh Used to wish my life was different, hope it stay
The same na Neva been lame but- Let's pop a cork, I'm wit da gang na Toasting to the fact it ain't the same na Heyy ya, thumbing thru da pichaz in my brain yah Beat the odds, superpower like Beyonce Shit was harrrd but it turned out to be okay Yeah
I remember like a birthday, troll was on me Won't forget when I was having shit Picha me rollin on 2 wheels nd' went ta 4 wheels nd' na ill murder sum shit Listin' nd' ta music n catching them cold chills because I'm imagining shit Aye magic or not I'm still a unda dog tell me how I got to the top I took another route I could never follow the plot I took dat otha route now I'm like..
One more time... Spice Contana.! Mina ngibuye ngama simba... Mina ngibue ngama simba... Mina ngibuye ngama... IStuff sase kasi IStuff sase kasi I take my jas and my okapi siyabangena
Hood boy got some magic Touch them fast like swebu I keep it clean like Omo I move my stuff like coco Drive a shawty mad like cologne Same with the niggas like a drop polo Quick cut my check like Zoro I ntwana encane getting bigger like a dombolo
I pull up make moola Skeif zaka that moola Boy my style is too much Ngisazo gcwal' indawo nje nge spaza esphethwe yi Kula Mina ngibue ngama simba... Mina ngibuye ngama... Making plans to get my self iSmova Had to cut some hoes, net fela for the dough
Sathi ukpusha iSmokolo.! E le samsokolo i hit the bottom Ntanga bes' nga joli ngoba imali haibo dololo Pull up rea ba enter Bula sekele Too much rea ba kena Msotra rea ba kena I got a tape that's on the way like Thembi bhova typa shit
Ghayal bhi hoga to jungle hila dega Pandit ye tezz hai Akal bhida ke dekh tota bana dega Zindagi race hai Kabhi na kabhi wo upar bula lega Bhai mi thankii Aag laga dega raakh bana dega ... Sanki sanki
Kehta zamane me bach ke rehna sab Man ki mann ki Karenge wahi jo mann me ayega Mai nahi sadak se Dekhi badai to dang reh jayega Puch le puch le Jo bhi batayega raja batayega Jaane de jaane de
Raat adhuri me hosh gawane de Akadi zubaan pe Laato ke bhoot sab Inhi ki bhasha me inhe samjhane de Yaar bulane de Chaaro dishao me trasi machane de ... Raat baat saath kaat rahe mere yaar Khwab khwab dekh saatb chale mere saath
Aag aag shola seene me ye jalti aag Raakh raakh dhua upar niche kitni raakh Zalim zamana ye Minute se pehle churi fira denge Bande diwane se Rehpat hi rehpat kabootar bana denge Aaj na chodenge Khud jo naache to sabe nacha denge
Love scars Now Im letting them sleep In my life more love, cause you give it to me Cause you give it to me You made my love Moonlight was so dark Now it's glowing up Now Im going up
Maybe, what I do, it's all for you Maybe I can give you something new Something new, yeah Maybe I play in the game Maybe I can lose your name But my best friend once say me, that All girls are the same But you don't wanna all this fame
You are not same But I love Yeah, I'm in love Love scars Now Im letting them sleep In my life more love, cause you give it to me You made my love Moonlight was so dark, hm
All the night with that bitch, yeah Smoking Mary Jane I got the vibes with that bitch Getting high with that bitch I not lie with that bitch, yeah I forgot my pain And spent my time with that bitch Did your feelings fine?
I don't need your love games I don't need no fake friends Made me so bad, too much pain, uh-ha Baby you mad, cause you play, uh-ha What you want know, can you say? Uh-ha I don't need your love games I don't need no fake friends I walkin on otherside
Hope I will be fine Where I go tonight All you need a price You cannot see the light Man you don't feelin' vibes Maybe you blind, cause you cannot see My gun is heart, cause I can believe My life was hard, bad days on me
Say me girl why you say that Imma bad? Have you really wanna make me so mad? Why tell me more lie? Spendin' more time You crush you life Do you want die? Do you want die? Have you really know, what is love?
What is love? Yeah, yeah, yeah That guy, who you just wanna find today But always break your heart, you on another way Im feeling so alone, Im feeling so alone You waited when I gone, waited when Im gone Do you believe in love? I know answer is no Answer is no Have you really know, what is love?
Yo Ryan, ginn sie all sichen, mir sinn an 20 Minuten do,paak mol puer Beieren aus Andiamo Klammt alleguer mat an den Auto Juliano Hannert dem lenkrad an dreckt op gas Um radio Leeft wei soss emmer nemmen Latino Cabrio
Fueren mat 120 duerch mein Duerf Meng Mama Rifft mir un an seht Teo fuer mei lues X2 Beim Ryan mam ganzen squa Mir bleiwen all hei, mir sinn posey D'sonn schenkt an t'ass warm, perfekt fir an den pool Nom 3. Chu sinn meng aan schon ganz roud
Ech sinn ze skreen Ech ginn net eenz Cabrio Fueren mat 120 duerch mein Duerf Meng Mama Rifft mir un an seht Teo fuer mei lues X2 Et ass sarm
Eng beier fir sech ze erfrechen Feiss am Pool, an d'schwemm gefellt mat Captain Morgan Eng vino, get getriichtert vum hermano Zu Contern mat der C Gang Paptak mat cola fir mech an den Lou Ech muss abuuse dringelnd pissen goen Den problem ass chillen grad am Pool Pissen am Pool
D'schwemm gett ganz giel Beim Ryan mam ganzen squa Mir bleiwen all daag hei, mir sinn posey D'sonn schenckt an t'ass warm, perfekt fir an den Pool Nom 3. Chu sinn meng aan schon ganz roud Ech sinn ze skreen Ech ginn net eenz Fennsde dat witzeg?
This one is dedicated To all the goth girls You know I love 'em Yuh I love the things you do Just wanna be with you You know all my love is true I love the way you mo-o-ove
Blind to the bullshit, mmm, yeah Blind to the bullshit Yeah, ayy Blind to the bullshit, I can't see y'all I certainly wouldn't want to be y'all Bought a new pitbull, it stand about knee-tall Teach him to bite, so he grow up a mean dog Run up on me, he gon' eat y'all
Keep a black bitch with a booty like Dream Doll Bad bitch, double D bra PTSD tend to be fuckin' up my sleep, cause there ain't no takin' back what he saw Bust down my teeth, polo zero degrees, so I can't drink til' my teeth thaw Burger well done, must be well done, won't eat it if the meat raw Blind to the bullshit, I can't see y'all I certainly wouldn't want to be y'all Bought a new pitbull, it stand about knee-tall
Look at 'em I got the replay Show 'em the replay Ooh, swish, takin' my shot never miss I see that look on your face, you sure you wanna get back in? I think I'll call up my baby Mashin', I'm smashin' like gravy Pockets, they lookin' so wavy
Overnight, I flipped that overnight Nothing more to say, I know you can't relate Money give or take, yeah, this is everyday It ain't no mistake, go and hit replay I see 'em runnin, I see 'em aimin' I seen 'em shootin, I seen 'em I see 'em gettin' appalled I'm entertained by the way that I see 'em hatin'
Feeling like I'm lost like detention Now We getting to the Guap sipping high tech See them thru my scope, detection I've been down with no options Feeling like I'm lost like detention Now We getting to the Guap sipping high tech See them thru my scope, detection Tick em off you won't find them
Serving like a chef in my kitchen Got them packs moving like I'm pacman Got the sauce don't need to tell them SRW to the death man, RZ gotta show them Got all these bills think I'm cripping Flexing like I'm in the gym Know what to do like a keyring Glass on me, museum
All that yapping I don't hear em Take a trip to the field I'm just fucking up her lipstick She got mad I'm sincere DSM I'm so fly Riding business like it's lears You outta pocket I got zips Mix the red, the blue pills
When I speak they listening Outta juice know you lacking Out this world Crystals dancing I've been feeling cold on the mountains We get it popping off the rip Global moves we ain't playing Looking for a lot of O's for my banking Shit get real technic 44 47 sounding real hectic
My momma a queen why wouldn't I win My wife is a goddess, my daughter is spoiled Yes I am Dro, I came out the soil I'd die for some folks who won't do me a favor I still love them though, it ain't nothing major I'm better than most ,I think Mos can agree You talking 'bout Mos, most definitely I get it, I get it, above and beyond
Me and these rappers, we don't get along The best pound for pound, the best line for line Do what you want, just don't fuck with mine All in my bag I promise, I'm focused Jiggy ass Mexican, haven't you noticed Shout out to C-Note and them boys off the Botany If they get to tripping, just tell them you got me My life is a movie I'm rolling the dice
July I changed, I changed for the better Gotta figure this out, gotta get it together Forgive me for dreaming, what was I thinking My reason for rhyme is to rhyme with a reason Do poetry justice, the way that I speak I'm trippy, I'm trippy, but still on my feet How does he do it, boy nobody knows I would overthink, I don't do that no mo'
Take off your pants-pants-pants Bitch, ain't no time for talkin' Watch me do my dance-dance-dance-dance Bands in my pocket Come and get your mans-mans-mans 'Fore I up my rocket Ooh, bands-bands-bands, that's a check talkin' Take off your pants-pants-pants
Bitch, ain't no time for talkin' Watch me do my dance-dance-dance-dance Bands in my pocket Come and get your mans-mans-mans 'Fore I up my rocket Pull up with a choppa, let it eat, aye Yah, walkin', Jesus sandals on my feet, aye Ooh, talk with shiny gold all up on my teeth, yah
All it takes is two shots, watch his body drop Bitches on my dick cause I skrrt off the lot, aye Skechers on my feet but I'm a rich guy, yah Cannot fuck with hoes 'cause they be picking sides Ice-ice-ice, that's my neck talkin' Ooh, and I'm rocking Goyard and Supreme, aye Bands-band-bands, that's a check talkin' Ooh, bands-bands-bands, that's a check talkin'
You can't seem to make up your mind Miss the town, I wish that it were still '06 I wanna backtrack like we ain't lost time , yeah But ever since I ever left the city, I I took momma shopping on Rodeo drive Reset the Rolex and switch time Time has passed, now I'm on a different vibe And now the path that you're on is goin' nowhere
If I don't text you, don't mean that I don't care I still got some feelings for you with some hope there You know that I got you, after all that we been through Better act like you know who Someone said I don't love you, you been lied to You can't seem to make up your mind Never wanna be there for me But you only always take my time
Ever since I left the city, I, well, I can't deny Even though I say, "I don't care," I still pray for you every night You know that I got you, better act like you know who These streets just don't love you like I do Love you like I do, like I do Somehow, still, I want you Crazy how old memories, they haunt you Didn't have it now like a Saint Laurent shoe
Still tryna figure what point I lost you Was chasin' the wrong thing Wrong crowd with the drama that they all bring It's the same song and dance if they all sing You're a queen, hope you never choose the wrong king Is you mine? I ain't tryna buy the wrong ring Both knew that we was more than a long fling But you got lost in this world, tryna find you
And the streets won't love you like I do Ever since I left the city, you Never wanna be there for me But you only always take my time Ever since I left the city, I, well, I can't deny Even though I say, "I don't care," I still pray for you every night You know that I got you, better act like you know who These streets just don't love you like I do
Shame outta the pain counting, a pat on my back it's okay stacking the rap and the pay, actually pass me a jay It's enormous reeking a gorgeous smell, on the weekend I'm peaking and tweaking cuz I ordered a L Could tell that my iris is a mile wide miss, I like it Never recognize it Through the kaleidoscope peeping the pipe to smoke Ain't in it to not benefit in a minute Arisen from an intelligent couple of immigrant parents Inherited the best, so look at this, a rookie vet, I snuck up on the bullet did
Cats are pulling this, fuck the bully kid up yourself Lunatic in a shell, the cell be buzzing like a hundred men Hating on the government looking above the clan of trigonometry abolish these It's made of pottery, we got to be standing up for rights a lot of the puppets can shut it, we look 'em up and we giving them nothing, give it up I'm sick as the HIV, people fucking up Who says I be I'd like to welcome y'all to the Fat January mixtape Designed by yours truly Jonas
I'm talking with my boyfriend over here Ignaz K , oida wah Schoner Mann , oida wah Ignaz K , oida wah Oida fix, oida wah Weil ich flex, oida wah Obelix mit den Rocks, oida wah Ich pull up, oida wah
Es mocht Plitsch, es mocht Platsch, oida wah Zu viel Drip , oida wah Jeden Tag 100k, oida wah Es is wahr, oida wah In meim' Cup, oida wah Do is matsch, oida gatsch, oida wah I moch k's, oida wah Du mochst garnix, oida wah
Happy birthday Taylor James So let's put the H to the A to the p-p-y Cause were gonna sing a birthday rap song Some may rap it right Some may rap it wrong But were gonna rap yout the birthday song Happy birthday to ya yeah happy birthday day to ya Happy birthday Taylor James Marendaz-Moody
Happy birthday day to ya yeah Aye yeah Happy birthday Happy happy birthday This birthday rap is for you Put your hands together Let's start Clapping To your birthday rap Your 18th birthday rap
Your very special birthday rap song Its your birthday all day long That's why were rapping this birthday song Taylor ya betta loose yourself in this moment And Ya own betta own it all day Own it until the day is done 18's an important milestone i A time in life to celebrate
You're the star of the show And we want every one to know Its your 18th Birthday you can do no wrong So party like it's your birthday Its your birthday so party all night long Now blow out the candles Make a wish and cut the cake While we rap ya the birthday song
Happy birthday Taylor James So let's put the H to the A to the p-p-y Cause were gonna sing a birthday rap song Some may rap it right Some may rap it wrong But were gonna rap yout the birthday song Happy birthday to ya yeah happy birthday day to ya Happy birthday Taylor James Marendaz-Moody
I don't know where to begin Feeling like I don't exist Type of shit that make no sense I've been feelin kinda lost Lost, lost, lost, lost From a sippy cup and I'm sipping it off til I'm gone I need a pick-me-up, do you got a pill The homies sell, it's probably better in hell
I don't know where to begin Feeling like I don't exist Type of shit that make no sense Lost, lost, lost, lost Often get lost in the thoughts that I'm in Hard just to stop when you're off it again Need to wash up these sins and it's gettin harder to swim How awesome if god had him a twin
What's the cost to this shit, I've heard its a lot not a bit And it's hard to be the boss, too bad I already did Intoxicated, no care for the kid They love just to hate when you doing your thing Middle finger keep it thrown in the air A long way to heaven I'm right by the stairs And If you with me then just grab on a fifth You got you a half, I got me a zip
I know you ain't talking to me like that lil boy Like I Don't even know you Please get the fuck out my face You say you like me but you hate Get the fuck out my face You say they diamonds but they're fake Get the fuck out my face Still getting money while you hate
Ya keep hating ya throw shade Still getting money while you hate Bitch you lame I don't complain Ooh I look good in my own lane 25 self made Living in the fast lane Going too fast to hear what the fuck ya talking about
Always running your mouth I don't wanna hear your doubt The ones that shout Always gotta prove a point Fuck you and your clout Bosses move quiet Better listen to this point I'll strike you in your face
Learn to never replace the chick that can't be replaced But ya hands on my waist Come and give you a taste Then go back on my race With grace Just know you better embrace I move in my own pace And I'll close this case
You say you like me but you hate You say they diamonds but they fake Still gettin money while you hate I be grinding ya throw shade I pull up to the scene rocking Alexander McQueen I be that Puerto Rican shorty Tight jeans and Celines Yes yes
I be killing it Like a crime scene They call me Princess Jasmine But I know that I'm a queen I'm from Queens You better treat me like royalty Im so fuckin sweet thats why He eats me so loyally
Always on the move Making stacks while I sleep I always win Never lose Making ya niggas hate but Now they hate on me Cuz they see me shining They wanna get like me
But don't want to start grinding Get ya bread up lil boy You can't fuck with me I buy my own bags and my jewelry This game fuckin changed me The struggles made me Chase you over a bag > You must be crazy
Go figure, that's right Goodbye, good night I did yo ass right Size That's what you like to do, shit Actin' like I never do, shit When you ain't did a goddamn thing King
Call me that If you don't, I won't call you back Put me on a track Yeah, I'm black, we ain't pen pals Only call me up as soon as I sit down That ain't even cool Call my kid now Like bitches they been goin' fuckin' crazy
Even had this one chick Shady for the baby Then I had this Russian chick Super fuckin' lazy So I had a clicker Like a hiccup Shawty hardly got my dick up I ain't shit, I'm a nigga
But I had a leave a ho girl 'cause of differences Go figure, that's right Goodbye, good night I did yo ass right Where's my roll up? Where my drink? I need to think All you bitches stink
Stray strings Is what you've been attachin' to me Car on E And your gas ain't free C'est la vie, au revoir, goodbye, later, peace Get away from me C'est la vie, au revoir, goodbye, later, peace Get away from me
Pack in the mail & it smell Got so many bars, no cell He a rat, yk he gone tell Got me some money & I still eat noodles My niggas some pits, yo whole crew poodles Paint her face hell yeah I jus doodled She slurp me up, just like sum noodles You can tell I'm a demon just look in my eyes
All black like a scary movie, I'm in disguise I be stating facts, he jus rapping bout lies She pretty in the face & thick in the thighs They be shook, when they see me in the mall Break down her walls, not talking bout Paul His money on short, my money on tall Big alligator, I was starring on crawl No baseball, I knock it out the park
Turn the light off, my diamonds they hit in the dark Pack in the mail & it smell Got so many bars, no cell He a rat, yk he gone tell I be drippin so hard, in my mf J's Finna dip like a chip, ion want no lays Smoking on gas, yk that it's blaze All about my commas, that's how I was raised
Off the gas , I'm floating in space No competition, I'm first in the race I hit a homerun, while you still on base Ima crazy ass bitch get yo wig split Ima turn this bitch up yeah I'm lit lit Not a basic ass bitch, yeah I'm average Took yo nigga I know you can't fight Me & my brother we shine like a light
It's real shit I miss you I miss you, oh I miss you It sucks to see you change up I wish you didn't get famous Turn into a stranger Just to keep your name up
Matter of fact fuck that, I'll be fine I should've known you were never gon' ride Long live you cause to me you died When you can't call and the sun don't shine When you got nobody by your side Headed to the floor, can't hit rewind Be about yours, I'ma be about mine Loyalty don't cost a dime
But you don't know nothing about that, do you? You don't even come to the hood no more You feeling on no no You don't even shout your people out It sucks to see you change up I wish you didn't get famous You turned into a stranger Just to keep your name up
Bounce like a motherfuckin' '64, sick flow Slick talk, spittin' that Crisco Drop that shit like a cholo at the dub show Homie, if you're broke, oh, no you don't deserve hoes All these fake boulders only gettin' on my nerves though I just cracked a 40, now I'm sippin' out the straw slow Little bit of ratchet, little boujee, you should all know Everybody got opinions, yeah, like assholes
You ain't gotta worry 'bout those, 'cause they assholes We just came to party, party, party, what you came for? Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house Bounce that ass, bounce that ass, yeah, bounce it Puff the lah or get high off the contact Call the law, we gon' make sure we come back Fallin' off, we ain't ever been about that Hundred spokes spinnin' on a chrome rim I got a feelin' that tonight we gon' be goin' in I'm with a few bad bitches and some grown men
With the ice so cold, I feel like I'm Snowden I feel like I'm rollin', but the whole place geeked up It's gettin' hot in here, down to my wife beater But you ain't gotta worry, we ain't dangerous We came up Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this Mo, m-m-mo bounce, blazin' up Backyard, back, b-b-b-bumpin'
Bounce like a motherfuckin' '64, sick flow Slick talk, spittin' that Crisco Drop that shit like a cholo at the dub show Homie, if you're broke, oh, no you don't deserve hoes All these fake boulders only gettin' on my nerves though I just cracked a 40, now I'm sippin' out the straw slow Little bit of ratchet, little boujee, you should all know Everybody got opinions, yeah, like assholes
You ain't gotta worry 'bout those, 'cause they assholes We just came to party, party, party, what you came for? Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house Bounce that ass, bounce that ass, yeah, bounce it Puff the lah or get high off the contact Call the law, we gon' make sure we come back Fallin' off, we ain't ever been about that Hundred spokes spinnin' on a chrome rim I got a feelin' that tonight we gon' be goin' in I'm with a few bad bitches and some grown men
With the ice so cold, I feel like I'm Snowden I feel like I'm rollin', but the whole place geeked up It's gettin' hot in here, down to my wife beater But you ain't gotta worry, we ain't dangerous We came up Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this Mo, m-m-mo bounce, blazin' up Backyard, back, b-b-b-bumpin'
Bounce like a motherfuckin' '64, sick flow Slick talk, spittin' that Crisco Drop that shit like a cholo at the dub show Homie, if you're broke, oh, no you don't deserve hoes All these fake boulders only gettin' on my nerves though I just cracked a 40, now I'm sippin' out the straw slow Little bit of ratchet, little boujee, you should all know Everybody got opinions, yeah, like assholes
You ain't gotta worry 'bout those, 'cause they assholes We just came to party, party, party, what you came for? Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house When that shit goes down, the block get loud In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house Bounce that ass, bounce that ass, yeah, bounce it Puff the lah or get high off the contact Call the law, we gon' make sure we come back Fallin' off, we ain't ever been about that Hundred spokes spinnin' on a chrome rim I got a feelin' that tonight we gon' be goin' in I'm with a few bad bitches and some grown men
With the ice so cold, I feel like I'm Snowden I feel like I'm rollin', but the whole place geeked up It's gettin' hot in here, down to my wife beater But you ain't gotta worry, we ain't dangerous We came up Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this Mo, m-m-mo bounce, blazin' up Backyard, back, b-b-b-bumpin'
Dja n'flau toma cuidado ku kenha ki ta rodeau Tempo ta revela simplesmenti kes ki ta amau Otos ta ri ku bo ma na fundo ez ta odiau Dios ilumina nha caminho ca bu dexan cai Nka sta sozinho n'teni amigos nha mae ku nha pai Txeus ki sta di nha lado n'sabi ez ka kre pan sta ok Ma nta vivi tranquilo bu podi cre nta manti straight Amigos e txeu
Horas ki bu sta tranquilo Flan kantos ki mesteu Sempri n'da mas do ki n'recebi na kel vida Txeu manos ki fadja ku mi nunca maz nu ka lida Txeu Amizadi estragado so pamodi guita Eh Si bu teni problema ez ta fugi Si bu teni grana es ta surgi
Gotta choppa with it, beam you think it's halo You know I'm rockin' Louis with the Fazos Gotta bitch smacked her ass felt like Jell-O But she only with me for them pesos so I had to leave her 100k for the Gucci with the fur, lean had me so dizzy shit was a blur Big head Drew I call him cranium Hit him with the 40 these bullets titanium I got choppas that could clear a whole stadium
Boy try to diss me I'll make your career disappear You look like planks, shoot your homie leave the whole street blank We know you actin' you make pennies and scraps you make no fucking bank Bitch you really thought that you was slick Doing crazy shit, actin' like a lunatic He really thought AP want a pic Drew didn't realize that we saw his dick Fucked up
Fucked up Fuck Drew Fuck Drew Stupid pinhead, fucking inbred I collect the bread then I get fucking head Got a pharmaceutical plug, he gimme the meds Pull up with them dread heads it'll be a bloodshed This the anthem, fuck Andrew Hill
Pussy Hill we'll drown him in a mill Got a Tic-Tac in your pants, look like a pill Fuck Drew yeah get the fuck outta here Fuckin' Stonehenge teeth Yeah look at you bean head, pinhead yo Stupid fuckin' plank head Fuckin Alec Baldwin pot pie freak Pot pie freak
Sike When I catch you we gon fight You thought we was alright That's on life mama That's on life Take it to my grave site like It can go down tonight I'm trapped inside can't go outside
That's on life mama that's on life Got me trapped, I can't get out Sike When I catch you we gon fight You thought we was alright That's on life mama That's on life Take it to my grave site like
It can go down tonight I'm trapped inside can't go outside That's on life mama that's on life They got me quarantined locked down inside But you can catch me outside How bout that I shoot with my left and right Bang bang must be two sides
Dont care who slide You died if you ride Fair warning that's word from the wise True story like the word of God Shooting all on 'em Ball on 'em John Wall on 'em Word of god
When we beef won't be no truce I'm bout that check I'm talking swoosh I'm talking net not talking shoes My crew remind me of tobacco road 'Cause we give them the blues Yall remind me of dook 'Cause y'all got all these recruits But nobody on your team shoot
I'm tryna eat all the groceries 'Cause I'm getting tired of eating take out Twelve hundred dollars on the way out I can't way to spend this cake now Got enough to pay the note on a hot wheel Just dropped rent on a Barbie play house She can't wait to bring the cake out I'm tryna eat all the groceries
'Cause I'm getting tired of eating take out Twelve hundred dollars on the way out I can't way to spend this cake now Got enough to pay the note on a hot wheel Just dropped rent on a Barbie play house I'm feeling trapped in If it was a cap team These cats would be captains
Whole time got me thinking we over reacting But what if we busy relaxing And that's not just a play on words or semantics Just imagine We got so caught up in madness that distractions helps the time pass us Tell me what if you had a time capsule Would you still procrastinate and let the time catch you I'd doubt you be a statue if you time traveled
Louis the bag Keep it a hunnid Give me the check, don't throw it away I be the realest Not 23 but Ima go Jordan fadeaway, fadeaway yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah get out the way, get out the way yeah Yeah yeah get out the way, get out the way oou Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
Yes I'm insane I don't even know what am I supposed to say Shawty be lame Nowadays you gotta be fake, okay? No, that is not me Ima go win for the team I just really wanna know... Is you a fake? Is you gon' fold?
Ima tell the story that's never been told Damn, you really be getting old But so am I so what is the meaning of life? I don't know, I don't know, I don't know Like one, two, three, four Shawty pull up and she drop on the floor She pop a xan like she don't really give a damn I need a millie like damn oou
Okay, it really be like that Rather go hop in a booth than die in a van All of you bitches be trash Okay okay Okay okay Louis the bag Keep it a hunnid Give me the check, don't throw it away
Memories play in my mind, duh Tryna find the way to survive Wish you would have stayed in my life Wish you would have stayed by my side Wish you would have stayed and be mine Every single day I'm alive I'm tryna find the way, not to die Ayy, I miss you, bae, everything you did to me was great
Miss you every day Wanna kiss your face, wanna keep you safe And it's broaden sense Wanna give you take, wanna be your mate Another mistake, I was fake, now you hate I want a new "Slate" , when we met was fake So you couldn't wait, as you wanna date Bitch, you whip it, ayy
We were gettin' back, singin' tunes, grabbin' dank Figi-fuu sharin' plates, it was cool, it go late We were glued To each other, fallin' under one another's lightnin' thunder Sports were fine, our first kiss was made of wonders, starts the lightning, calls the diamonds Now I want you to know I never let you go 'Cause I'm in love with you
And your beautiful soul, yeah Memories play in my mind, duh Tryna find the way to survive Wish you would have stayed in my life I really miss you, I wanna kiss you This verse so cold I need an iglu, hot chocolate tissue movin' on It's official, don't blow the whistle, drop yo' bombs
And shoot your missiles, I'm in the top like King Kong Presidential, grab a pencil, not your arms Notch a mental, sentimental like this song 'Cause love is gentle, you got to be just who you are Not a Stancel, not a Stancel, not a Stancel Wish you would have stayed by my side Wish you would have stayed and be mine I'm tryna find the way, not to die
Riding 'round town in a damn Mercedes No, I'm not no game, baby, you can't play me I am not a card, baby, you can't trade me I was just calling you back To, uh, let you know that I, I love you So many bitches wanna be my baby Riding 'round town in a damn Mercedes No, I'm not no game, baby, you can't play me
I am not a card, baby, you can't trade me I been thinking lately, pay attention, baby Why these hoes chase me? 'Cause of all this damn cheese I can fuck your ho, nigga, I can make her happy Hit her from the back, nigga, she call me daddy Tell that lil' boy Max, nigga, I do it gladly Yeah, my bitch nasty, point me to the cash, please White ho call me red, when I sit lastly
Like the way you came at me, but you can't have me Counting up the cash flow baby, I just be adding I get rackies, yeah, okay, no delay Run up on the gang, we hit your face, he erased, yeah Man, I'm off the gas and it's just taking me to space, yeah And I'm smoking 'cause it's good at taking away my pain , yeah Getting to these bills millions I got a Latina and I think she was Brazilian
Can't stop me getting money 'til my bank account got billions You talking down on the gang, we come and pull up with a stick I got the diamonds the wrist 'Cause of my clothes, yeah, she know that I'm rich Watch how I switch up my flow, I show 'em my moves, yeah, you can't do it like this Every time I make a song with my bro Faygo, you know that that shit is a hit I been thinking lately, pay attention, baby Why these hoes chase me? 'Cause of all this damn cheese
Baby I don't wanna be Stuck in this wasteland Blade to the sky, yeah My death will be slow like quick sand Sip on my codeine I can't sleep, the monster horrendous Girl you can't scare me The drugs are stupendous
The pain I've inflicted Didn't get think I would get it The break up text Guess I'll declare my independence But you would just hate that And tax my appendix Baby I don't wanna be Stuck in this wasteland
CHICKEN! Yeah my name is Dylan I like scotch eggs and chicken nuggets, yeah Yeah, yeah, my name is Dylan don't mess with me, yeah Yeah, scotch egg, chicken nuggets yeah, yeah I'm not gay I'm skinny I'm not fat
Yeah scotch egg, chicken nuggets Chi-ci-chi-ci-chicken chicken nuggets, yeah Scotch egg, I'm not gay Yeah, watch this... Scotch eggs and chicken nuggets Yes yes yes I am not gay OUUU OUUU Chicken nuggets, yeah yeah
Scotch egg, Scotch egg Yeah, I'm not gay I'm skinny IM NOT FAT, YEAH Yeah scotch egg Chicken nuggets YEAAAAHH Chicken nugget scotch egg Chicken nugget scotch egg
Chicken nugget I'm not gay Scotch egg chicken nugget yeah yeah yeah You mess with me, yeah, ill give you my scotch egg, yeah Yeah, chicken nugget Scotch egg, chicken nugget chicken nugget yeah I'm a nugget yeah Scotch egg, scotch egg, chicken nugget, chicken nugget I'm not gay fam, yeah nugget Scotch egg scotch egg scotch egg scotch egg chicken nuggets chicken nuggets scotch egg
Chicken nuggets Chicken nuggets Chicken nuggets Chicken nuggets Ice on my wrist Ice on my toes Ice on my neck Ice on my watch Ice on my rolex Ice on my nostril
Ice on my sick pack Ice in my bottle I eat scotch eggs everywhere i go I have chicken nuggets every night I wear sick chains on my neck I got a Rolex on my wrist I beat you in a fight My house is bigger than Russia
Chicken nuggets Ice on my wrist Ice on my toes Ice on my nostril Ice on my sixpack Ice in my bottle I play minecraft with them cheats I spit fire on them beats
I wake up to scotch eggs every day What you gonna do? Your momma gay Chorus] Ice on my neck Ice on my watch Ice, Ice, Ice, Ice Ice on my rolex
We can make it work Most definitely we can make it work We can make it work Everybody in the place starts to dance when I hold the mic Start a riot in your head, then your heart makes your soul ignite Smelling kush inna di air, somebody's definitely on the pipe All good just as long as you go pass it over here, good if you pass it over here... Tonight it's on I'm like a warewolf plus full moon
Anything goes I might break the rules The sound is pumping girls wining, we all wilding Martin Lawrence, nothing to lose The pictures snapping, hashtag YS we're trending Kim K, internet we're breaking Vibes Up, ain't no time for landing... Even if we only have one speaker See the girl dem twerk
We can make it Day or Night, Night or Day When di ting turn up Me and the squad we getting lit up We nah business how the place set up The vibe we ah lift up We only want to link up with some girls Kick back, conversate
Only positive vibes we orchastrate And if my Eyes are red, I am not mad I be up on the next level straight loving life With no for the hypocrites and parasites Big up to my circle, guaranteed that we ah keep it tight... Mr Selektah could you play some Yung Shottaz The girls dem looking nice, and you know we looking proper, Now
We gonna mash it up Bank account, we smash it up If the venue nice, we're gonna trash it up... {Hook] Even if we only have one speaker See the girl dem twerk We can make it Day or Night, Night or Day
Catchin' all these flights Every day I'm high I'm livin' my life up up in the sky Catchin' all these flights Every day I'm high Every day I'm every day I'm High, every day I'm low Sachi on my eyes
Gucci on my toes Up up in the sky Where I feel at home Smokin' 'till I die ?????? all alone Woah I'm on the other side, yeah Bust down what's the time, yeah
I make it work like I'm the boss in this This that natural ain't no, ain't no yeah This how you can tell that I was born for this yeah sauce in this yeah All about the power I go horse in this This that natural ain't no forcing it Coz I go hard in all I do All I, all I do yeah
All I do, all I, all I I been low-key skipping on my church phases, know that I'm grown and I ain't doing shows but I'm big on fitness, I suffer a lot reminisce on my real ish Too often I get stuck in my past, coming in last, cat out the bag we in the middle of holding our hands With our hands in the sand buried with all of my friends, if it wasn't worth a hundred kwacha I would do it again But I been checking out a new location Tryna get myself motivation I don't need niggas who are irrational
Ask all the hommies how I get capital But you been tryna go insane on me It's like a nigga really working for free I know I been going out here since I started this But They know me I bring the sauce in this yeah I make it work like I'm the boss in this This that natural ain't no, ain't no yeah
sauce in this yeah All about the power I go horse in this This that natural ain't no forcing it Coz I go hard in all I do All I do, all I, all I Awe si nizaka leka coz I know I could do better No Viagra in my blood but I'll be going hard forever Till they know that I'm the greatest, my mama says we made it
I'mma Thanos snap in the game till all these rappers faded But I question life sometimes, like when will I get mine My own time to shine, my profit from the grind But really I just wanna thank God that I'm alive And pray he lift me u before I see a nine to five Coz I be going hard all day, until I own the game no play I ain't giving up no way, no way, I know I'll be a king one day, one day I said I be going hard all day, that's why si bani chila no way
Leme be the one that you call when you need it baby I can love you like no other I can give you life like the air that you breathing baby Oh nana nana leme take you to my mama Girl I wanna put a ring on you, all them other girls they ain't got a thing on you Me want all of you I'mma give you all that I got Yeah my love all for you
Promise I ain't ever gone stop My love all for you yeah All for you yeah All for you yeah Girl you the one that I need Tell me you the truth I'll believe They say love is blind but you caught my eye Now all I wanna do is give you all my time
Coz baby we can be something beautiful together We can be the true definition of forever All you gotta do is put your hand in mine and you could Be the diamond in this heart of mine Girl you an angel, don't let em tell you different You in your own league you ain't got no competition Wali palwa And everybody know, know, know
Acting shy but you a killer on the low, low, low Baby I cannot deny it I got you on my mind Tell me that you down to try it Girl I'll be by your side coz Me want all of you I'mma give you all that I got Yeah my love all for you
Promise I ain't ever gone stop My love all for you yeah Me love all for you, look how special you ah make me feel Me I fell for you, yeah you know me lovin so real What kind love be dis that nobody coulda break, this nobody coulda fake uh Love so natural, only God coulda make You got me feeling some typa way Me thinkin bout you all night and day
I'll just leave you rappers in denial And homey I ain't talking rivers But I'm drowning all these niggas If you messing with a Killa you gone die oh Oh baby I'm the type of nigga hard to find oh I'm the type to make you lose your mind oh They like, oh damn Killa you were made for this nigga When you get down we can see the shine oh
I put my whole life in this And if you know me you know I take risks Coz homey as soon as the beat drops you know I can make your girl do flips You know that I'm always on grind oh That's a fact that you cannot deny oh Claim that you don't know me nigga better ask your girl Ain't it funny how claim that she yours When you know that she mine nigga she digging the style oh
There is no lazy Nigerian youth Everybody hustling hustling Everybody hustling hustling Omo boy / no Dey dull Get the mulla / so we can ball Check my Steez swagger poju You go need to roju / never stop the hustle Omo boy / no Dey dull
Get the mulla / so we can ball Check my Steez aha / swagger poju aha You go need to roju / never stop the hustle Money money money, /mulla/ Gotta make this money /yo/ 2 4 7 I am on the grind I be hustling /Kingfeezy/ All my niggas balling / gbao so jasi/
So na wetin you talking And that's why when I show dey feeling the boy No be sherekanbia u know wassup Awon oloteh wey think say we no go blow Now am on the fast lane na you dey go slow Ji ma sun omo obo time to hustle Bo so ri ila ko gbowo without flexing your muscle You know wassup boy keep the bustle on
Keep pushing on I swear you gon get there Every hustler has a pay day yours already here Never give up your dream till you get your share For the big blessing gara god gave ya you heard Check my Steez / swagger poju Check my Steez aha swagger poju aha Early momo, I'm talking 1:30 Mo ti taji all about my money
Back then them no send me cos my Money funny All the scele for area dem be calling me Ugly huh But na dem wey gock ham say am up to something Wifey stood by me i will never trade her for nothing We been through hell and back fuck it men we still breathing Lucifer squad, mtcn regime yeah you get me
Awon da, ti won fe ma fo ri be O je da yan mo LethaFaze lo n be ni beh Ijinle pam Pam eni to ba wu ko beh If you cross bale o de ma bale peh peh peh Awon da, ti won fe ma fo ri be O je da yan mo LethaFaze lo n be ni beh Ijinle pam Pam eni to ba wu ko beh If you cross bale o de ma bale peh peh peh
Ridin down the block Got a 44 test ur luck bruh I dont wanna talk aye I dont give a fuck huh Ridin down the block Got a 44 test ur luck bruh I dont wanna talk aye Pull up skrt off inna coupe huh
Ye bitch dont fuck with my crew yuh 77 the move huh Keep talkin shit i come tru yuh Click clack at ya block with a Glock huh Sniffin da blow I'm startin a party Fuck on ur bitch sorry not sorry Sippin on rum sippin bacardi I got a strap bitch u can't harm me
Jer ona vozi me, vozi kao vir Mala je porno Mala je porno Mala ti si ta, ko porno Ja bih bio malo sa tobom Imas ono sto mi treba U isto vreme zlo i dobro Pogled hladan kao London
Cupi vrelo kao Kongo Igra se sa anakondom Dok joj ne popije otrov Privlacna ko porok kada seksi ulicom seta Ta opnocoka duska kao da je striptizeta Nosi haltere i stikle da te stigne i digne Ona te lozi ko tiket, kad je dobijes viknes Ona je porno, ona je sam davo
Spustila se sinoc dok sam spavo Ne znam da l' sam sanjo Jer ona vozi me, vozi kao vir Ima osmeh da te rokne Zube bele poput koke A kada se smije sija Brate moram staviti coke, ej Mala je poker, na nju stavljam ceo ulog
Ako dobijem je nocas, onda casticu se dugo Smeska mi se s pljugom, i nevaljalom tangicom Kaze hoce da je gledam dok se ljubi sa drugaricom Flesevi u glavi dok je posmatram ko zima Mala je porno, ledeno zapaljiva ko klima Daj mi samo minut sa njom, jer mala previse je Ceo grad samo prica o njoj, cuo sam da ima i Puna je ko brod, ali i dalje voli
Mrdaj tu stvar Mala, mrdaj tu stvar Mrdaj tu stvar Hocu da vidim kako Trip te je poneo Hocu da je mesas odma' Ta guza ima publiku Ide gore-dole
K'o da ima hidrauliku , yeah Kako da ti opisem tol'ko vel'ko dupe Ispod kisobrana pokisne Ispod ledja nosi cudoviste Van kontrole, tesko se kontrolises Blejis s ribom, ona prodje, ti smoris se Jebi ga To tako funkcionise
K'o da je Kelis Dolaze u dvoriste Promovisese vrlo retko Al' kad bi pocelasamo bi' joj rek'o Obavestenje za javno mnjenje U gradu novo je raspolozenje Stil "slim" vise nije in Sad se fura fazon "Kardashian Kim"
Ass, if you know what I mean Te dve strane cine dream team Tako je vrela, a tek je eighteen Ta mala smiruje k'o bensedin Sa njom sve je konkretno Tol'ko je vel'ko Da kacis jaknu preko Al' ona kad bi prosla
Ja hteo bih da probam svaki deo tela tvog Oh da, hajde dodi tu sam Sa tobom hteo bih da letim Hey Bejbe, hajde daj mi to Ja hteo bih da probam svaki deo tela tvog Oh da, hajde dodi tu sam Sa tobom hteo bih da letim Obuci se dobro, hey, onako kako znas
Stvarno obaras sa nogu A u krevetu je fazon ko da dosla si na yogu Mislim, bas radis se dobro Bilo bi cool da se vidimo veceras Sada znam, sada znam da bi bili super par Ti si lepa, a ja gad Zato nije sjajna stvar Hajde palimo u stan
Ovo mala je pro, ceo klub bi plesao sa njom Ona dobra je za sve, ima vrelo telo kao Zimbabve Kao Zimbabve Yeah, i sve sto radi je divlje Gledaju je likovi, gledaju je ribe Uuu, ima tako seksi obline Kada ce ta poskupit', al' mi dode da je skinem Odvoji mi divljega od King Kong
Malo mi je dope, ova mala mi je Bingo U guzvi cujem - O-o-o-Ovo mala je pro, ceo klub bi plesao sa njom Ona dobra je za sve, ima vrelo telo kao Zimbabve Mala barbika, crna kao Afrika Kad je ne diram ljuta je ko paprika S njom uvek neka panika Stalno komplikuje
Okay, let's go Tell me when it's enough Take my hand, we'll be alright Okay, let's go Baby girl let me know I got your girl with me tonight Wanna pop me like a Gimme your heart, what's the harm?
You know I love you- Yeah man, shoutout my nigga Cartier God nigga, get it Yuh nigga, Based Lazy nigga Basedworld nigga fuck you mean nigga Ooh, Cartier! I know I like you, yeah Sometimes that's what you know, yeah I want some , yeah You know I love-
I've gotten my heart broken a couple times All I've learned to do is read between the lines I won't fall again for all the petty lies Your purpose in my life was just to waste my time Before you act just know that there's a price to pay My chains are fake your friends are fake I guess we're lame You let me in you told me that what's yours is mine My first mistake I fucked with you to pass the time
Real life shit Pushin' that Conca' like, stuffin' that brain right I wanna keep up, maybe no still Niggas away out, I'm on the street life My Brother am so gone, am on stick on this Real Life Shit Zanni nah talk like, Zanni nah talk like, takin' my time on my flow Am on the real life, I getto straight all, niggas turn their back on my flow
Turnin' my flow down, wishin' I live large, I get this big dream they thought it was joke Mama keep prayin', makin' my flows up, am the big-boy stuckin' on top Stay at the roof night, weepin' no sleepin', thinkin' about Homie home no food Break all the rules right, i don't sleep night, i getto stay top how i move This are real life, I don't fake lie, I wanna biggest drip like Set Niggas cough out, I bring the rules down, am on the wish checkin' on you Pushin' that Conca' like, stuffin' that brain right I wanna keep up, maybe no still
Niggas away out, I'm on the street life My Brother am so gone, am on stick on this Get this new fashion designer white Gucci my color ain't makin' no style Am on this week ain't makin' mistake Get new drip no stress Get big bitch wipin' no talk, she keep on warm me makin' new joy Get this new jewelry move at store
Move in high, move in high, drip in no stop Am on the week, drip in no stop I keep on winning am no stop Gather am winning fly high team, we drip on high speed I want no B but pee, I lost my grandma aunt in the street Mama turn on tv watch in my soul to live I get more on my flow, wearing new clothes no gens Puttin' my song on repeat let them hear
Zanni nah talk like, Zanni nah talk like, takin' my time on my flow Am on the real life, I getto straight all, niggas turn their back on my flow Turnin' my flow down, wishin' I live large, I get this big dream they thought it was joke Mama keep prayin', makin' my flows up, am the big-boy stuckin' on top Stay at the roof night, weepin' no sleepin', thinkin' about Homie home no food Break all the rules right, i don't sleep night, i getto stay top how i move This are real life, I don't fake lie, I wanna biggest drip like Set Niggas cough out, I bring the rules down, am on the wish checkin' on you
I made new vision, i made new rap Niggas don't say that, like this for real We don't go on vacation on week Scars under my sleeve, kickin' goals on link Am gonna, i keep on why ? They tryna' change me, i don't know why Stick on the rule right, break all the rules right Am on livin' on, livin' on, livin on no turnin my back
I keep on look up to sky Made a new promise ain't gonna change Butterfly wigs that's how we fly Rollin' up, rollin' up jump all the link I get new K4 Wonder when i die, if their will miss me That's why i writin' this hit link Purra bullet shottin' on hit link, died body lyin' on link in
Euh... For the track... Yo ! I... Don't... Know... I... Don't... Know !
I don't know, what to say ! I don't know, what to say ! I don't know, don't know what to say ! I love you, as I can And I throw you, like a can ! My mission is to fist you And sometimes, in addition, to miss you ! Suck... Suck my dick
Fuck... Fuck my disc Mr. President : Come over here ! BOOM ! *Coup de feu* I don't know, don't know what to say ! T'entend mon son d'suceuse ? C'est ma putain d'rime poisseuse qui debarque en kwassa-kwassa ! Oh... crap... *Coup de feu*
How's it feel to be alone? You broke my heart that shit's real You cut me real deep Nowadays I cannot feel Said you jealous of me Girl that's funny, how's it feel? I am numb with the drugs I cannot get enough
She won't fuck me She won't touch me She don't love me It's kinda funny 'Cause she beggin' for more But then she say that she don't want me Got her down on the floor And now she cryin' like a banshee
How's it feel to be left in the dust? How's it feel? I do not give a fuck How's it feel that I wasted my time on you? How's it feel that I found another you? How's it feel that everything that had mattered Is now a part of the past and now both our hearts are shattered How does it feel? How does it feel when she tells you it's real?
Aye Pussy nigga better fucking move Pussy nigga better fucking move move move I'm like pussy nigga better fucking move move move Slicing your head to your shoes, you comin' in ones now you coming in twos Nigga pull up in the crew Givin' no fucks if it was you, givin' no fucks who is who Now you pull up in the fucking troops, ill still take you down like a
By Nashy Milly (God You my Role You my role model , you my You my role model! And l go do the things l love ooh! You my Role Model ) My God wooo Take control in my life woo
All the things l like ooo Put it right there... am taking over Fill me up yeah till l over flow Pull me out eyy when they lock on my door Gonna shout aye you my role model Model model model oooh God You are my role Model model model oooh God You are my role Model model model oooh
They nadi say champions shout ....... Anything l need or want l go kneel down pray and l have it all Conti conti my Controller My remote my designer My God is able l dont even have to stress ey Am off to heavens for vacation l will be back ey That makes me king with that kong at end ey Might a fact tetiri patop ...tiri busy
Reflecting favour with the waves l move The does l do even the way l rule Keep me brand new , l.. keep you For good Omema alpha and omega God You my Role You my role model , you my And l go do the things l love ooh! My God wooo
But I seen em with the eyes in the back of my head I don't lack never that keep it intact Wisdom tucked under my hat for any givin' Sunday the Sun a spit at And rain fire on the Earth cuz ya presence a truth Shinin' light on the falsehood from the floor to the roof Buzzin' from the windows to the wall like a Carpenters Bee I'm a let my little light shine don't get caught in the heat I showed you the hand that was dealt
Every word that I speak in every stanza is felt I saw you over there bout to melt The Sun was shinin' I came around it felt like divine timin' We need to move through the Silver Lining Don't chase the rabbit that's just a habit Silly old hat trick Come around and I'll match it
We can put one in the air and then lay on the mattress Look at the stars and then map it out What you think I'm rappin' bout? Only the truth in my cipher I ain't got time to decipher Look at the stars and then map it out What you think I'm rappin' bout? Only the truth in my cipher
I could see some people roun you gotta leave I could see you come alive I could see the Soul inside tryna breathe I could see some people roun you gotta leave I could see you come alive It's time to turn a new leaf Wake up wake up you could smell the trees Look around see the bees
Once I'm inside won't feel no pain/ She say, "once you get ya shot, you gon fade away/ Make me feel some way, why won't you stay/ Let me make it go away/ Once I'm inside won't feel no pain /she say once you get ya shot you gon fade away/make me feel some way/please don't fade away/ She say that I make her feel like a side chick/ To be honest you are but I'm rockin/
And you, you still have them too And we, we live half in the day time And we, we live half at night Watch things on VCRs With me and talk about big love I think we're superstars You say you think we are the best thing But you
You just know You just do Wanna go out to the pier Gonna dive and have no fear Because you You just know Watch things on VCRs With me and talk about big love
I got these demons Ive been taking percs Ive been taking these meds I got these dreams I know it's kinda fucked up But im of the meds Ive been taking percs Ive been taking these meds
I got these dreams I know it's kinda fucked up But im of the meds Taking these random girls to my fucking bed I don't even know they name they just give me head Pull up in a drop top everybody dead I been making money thats my only fucking friend Yeah I'm still rich but got demons in my head
Why you lying Why you lie Why you switching sides Why you fucking with other guys Tell me the truth Baby don't lie I can see it in your eyes You telling me lies
Where you been all these nights Tell me the truth Baby don't lie Where you been all this time I been tryna make things right But you turn your back and lie I just wanna make things right U got me smoking and getting high
Wishing that you didn't lie Why you do this all time What you think when im not there Do you think about me or you care And say I swear What you think when im not there Is it bout what you gonna wear Or is it what heart you gon tear
Tell me the truth and say I swear Tell me the truth and say I swear I ain't tryna hear your lies Why you do it all they time Why you fucking with other guys Am I just not that guy If it true then that fine Cause I ain't doing it with your lies
Why you lying to my face Playing with my emotions like its a game Why you do this all time Why you got me writing rhymes Rhyming bout all your lies Why you lie all the time Why you switching sides I can see it in your eyes
You telling me lies Where you been all these nights Where you been all this time I been tryna make things right But you turn your back and lie I just wanna make things right U got me smoking and getting high Wishing that you didn't lie
I wish that you didn't lie So I could know what's on your mind And you could tell me that your fine And we can fuck without the light And we can do it every night If that's what makes you feel alright And we don't ever have to fight And we can take them private flights
Go to places with good sights Phantom with the stars at night Vvs diamonds that shine bright If that's what makes you feel alright And we can just chill out and vibe And I won't hear another lie But shawty if that ain't alright You could find another guy
Shawty we can ride in a foreign Shawty we can ride in a foreign if you like But you gotta be down to ride or die There may be some times where im not by your side Just know that im paper chasing every single time Tryna make that bag so I gotta sacrifice When we go shopping we ain't worry bout the price Light camera action everybody look at me
My fingers getting tired cuz I'm counting all this green My life kinda crazy you can't disagree Are you gone ride for me are you gon die for me Tell me the truth Cuz I really ain't want you lying to me You saying that you love me but your love pretty blind to me You gotta show me something that shows u really care for me Tell me the truth
Cuz I ain't really want you lyin to me Are you gon ride for me are you gon die for me You just gotta be patient And just watch me get this green But you gotta be down to ride or die There may be some times where im not by your side Just know that im paper chasing every single time Tryna make that bag so I gotta sacrifice
When we go shopping we ain't worry bout the price Cuz I'm getting all this hype But the hate won't kill our vibe Shawty will you still ride Will you still ride or die If you break my heart I'll cry Tell me the truth baby don't lie Will you still ride or die
Babe why you leaving? Why you acting like this? Are you ok???? Wait you gotta tell me the reason You fucking with other guys??? Nah I don't understand WHY U LEAVING ???? Why?
You gotta tell me a reason Am I not good enough?? Its cold out side im not tryna do this Please WHY ARE U LEAVING? TELL ME WHATS THE REASON WHY Its cold out side, I'm freezing Baby why you leaving
You broke my heart Im bleeding Staring at the ceiling Think bout you leaving It feels like im just dreaming The voice in side me Screaming Staring at the ceiling Think bout you leaving It feels like im just dreaming
The voice in side me Screaming This ain't what I needed Ian ever loose but Your love got me defeated Ian ever felt the pain That im receiving It feels like im Dreaming Such a cold heart demon
I make shorty get a bag for me All of my niggas want Cash Money Let for a minute I'm back on it Prices went up got a tax on it Prices went up Tighten up Taxing em Running it up
Lapping em I know these niggas gone tell Thats why I stay to myself I never talk on a cell I never Shop on a sale Pull up and park it I'm poppin a seal No sleep tonight
Say she popping a pill If you stop you get Killed Look left and Look right Gotta watch out for 12 Say that they out there But they not for real Been in the game And they Still on the shelf
Would you kill for a nigga? Right now, I need to know Would you die for a nigga? Right now, I need to know Would you live for a nigga? This what it is for a nigga Blood in, blood out Will you take this oath?
Surrender yourself to me, let it go I want your mind, body, and your soul If you want it, fuck it let it show The location remote We be hitting the coast Let's fuck on the boat You know what I want I'm off yak and the coke
And a whole lot of smoke So, come on home now Girl we grown now Please don't keep me waiting I don't got no patience Would you kill for a nigga? Would you die for a nigga? Would you live for a nigga?
This what it is for a nigga Would you give yourself to me? Girl, I promise it won't hurt I'ma make that work We gon' go berserk Welcome to the land of no religion I could take away that empty feeling Spread your wings, and fly with me
Cross your heart to die with me Take my hand, I know that You want it Smoking raw that's Full of ganja It feel like We, overdosing On them clouds
They told me to get it so let me get it all I've done a whole lot but I ain't did it all One head nod and your wig is off Dig it, dawg? You are a rat, you get the pigs involved That thug shit's behind me, find me In a convertible, color like a Dasani You got a flow then you know I got a tsunami I'm holdin' up and little homies holdin' a Tommy
I dare you to line me, ever try to define me I am real classy mixed wit' real grimy I'm the one wit' the California lungs Align with the esses, I got the California guns Call up O, ran up the California funds Light up a few zips, we California done I am on the Westside, smokin' OG Brought it back home, now we smokin' OG
California, I think you know me I just wanna get stoned, keep it lowkey I am on the Westside, smokin' OG Brought it back home, now we smokin' OG California, I think you know me I just wanna get stoned, keep it lowkey California fried, California weed Gettin' California high in a California ride
But I keep it New York though No coffee, durags and Newports though Two door low, four door low, the Jeep too So they don't really see me whenever I creep through No radio play, see that shit that seeps through Jet blue, made for a spin, money print Everyday so I'm on the hustle, you get the hint You don't wanna dig in your pockets and feel lint
You don't wanna see the hammer and have to sprint Yeah, that shit is real whack You should think about your cap and it gettin' peeled back Think about jail and you missin' real stacks This isn't rap but you know it's real facts Thinkin' of North Cal, thinking of South Cal Hit JFK, get a tick and I'm out now Never without loud, never without gas
And you tell me I always know what to say And I say what I mean But, there's just so much more to tell you And now we're here And I feel like I'm at point where I know exactly who I am I know what I want And I know where I stand and
I just feel like I can do this When I want to let you go Somehow I love you more You'll never know what you do to me While we walk along the road With so far to go You'll never know what you mean to me Push you so much so
When I want you so close You'll never know what you do to me Can't be together though You somehow touch my soul You'll never know, what you mean to me Even with curtains closed You still steal the show Someday I hope you'll know what you do to me
Man, stop calling my phone Man, stop calling my phone Phone, ph-phone, phonem phone, ph-phone I'm busy, I'm busy I'm with Simi, I'm with Simi We go hard, we go silly Phone, ph-phone, phone, phone, ph-phone I don't think they like me, really like me
Don't know what to believe Mama say it's my fault, it's my fault I wear my heart on my sleeve Think it's best I put my heart on ice, heart on ice 'Cause I can't breathe I'ma put my heart on ice, heart on ice It's gettin' the best of me I give my heart to every soul I meet Every interaction, love is all I mean
That's how I was raised and that is all I'll be But it can get so taxing and it's hard on me Made some decisions that it hurt me to make I couldn't trust a couple people and I pushed them away Sometimes I sit here and I wonder if I made a mistake But it's no time for second guessing no, no Now I'm moving dolo And I lost my best friend just a month ago
And I was just starting to think we were untouchable Yeah we done came back from the brink so many times I wanna fix it, but I tried and now she switching Tryna tear me back down and I know I gotta shift And leave it in the past now I been riding through my city I been moving fast now, yeah yeah Think I need a breather think I need a break I put my heart in a freezer just to keep it safe
If you got a lap, I'ma sit, real pretty I'ma make it clap, clap, clap, ain't no itty bitty Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yay, come and give it to me You could drink it straight from the tap, lick the kitty, kitty Can he catch it if I throw it back? That's a fifty-fifty She got a thick-ass ass with fake-ass titties She like a straight-ass man and gay-ass women I like a bald-head cat, so shave your kitten
She leave my tommy gun slimin' slime, my Draco drippin' Fuckin' right, bust it open for a bust-down Yeah, up, down, up, down, up, down Cut down on the syrup, now I'm up now Sike, I could hit it without putting the cup down I'ma go brazy in there, shoot babies in there But she ate 'em for dinner, she a baby killer I'ma make her run laps like track
Put my face up in her lap like a MAC, ooh Yeah, shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yay, come and give it to me If you got a lap, I'ma sit, real pretty You could drink it straight from the tap, lick the kitty, kitty Can he catch it if I throw it back? That's a fifty-fifty Ooh, close your eyes 'cause they rollin' back I'ma close my eyes and imagine you is Doja Cat Make that ass clap until it do the Nolia Clap
I got on the twenty four karat gold Trojan hats Sit up on my lap, 'til we overlap You got on the camouflage thong, got a soldier rag If these wall could talk, I got your pussy walls talkin' back Made you leave them bug-a-boos alone like the Orkin Man Girl, yeah, make you oh, na-na-na-na-na-na Stop whinin', this ain't Amy Winehouse I'ma fall in it then climb out
And you know I come with some pressure, you gotta be certain Too picky, I cannot just fall for any person Too picky, gotta be for me and promise not to turn, yeah She keep her spliff on Deebo and I keep my blunt on Big Worm, yeah Uh, jealousy towards me happens so often Too many fake ones out there, ain't hard for me to see through them When they know you way way up there, they just wanna see you land I don't wanna stand if you ain't standing by my side, no oh
I cross the T's baby, you dot the I's, oh oh Gave you more than a million, told you, "It's yours, baby" Too picky, I cannot just fall for any person Too picky, gotta be for me and promise not to turn, yeah Gotta build a bridge from you to me and promise not to burn it Although jealousy towards me happens so often You know they gon' be focusing on everything that we do, yeah Far from egotistic, I done told you that I need you, yeah
Too many fake ones out there, ain't hard for me to read through that I don't wanna stand if you ain't standing by my side, no oh And if you like magic, baby, that's a body high, oh oh Jealousy towards me happens so often These hoes just tired, they're exhausted Been sending shots and whatnot, tick tick tock, it's crunch time Can't give a thot a minute of my bustdown 'cause for you I Gave you more than a million, told you, "It's yours, baby", yeah
Kicked me when i was down, I don't need you around I'm focused on livin' better the way you did me was foul I had to struggle to survive, we still managed to smile JoJo said he wanted to move and wasn't playin' around And if you need something pleased don't call me You not my son, daughter, or my shorty When you called me , I looked out like always Lex said you wasn't real, found that out the hard way
That was such a heart ache When you called I picked up, when I was low you switched up Now my neck is lit up, I had to struggle to get up Oh you need something that's when you callin' Asking for favors way too often When we was starvin', you wasn't callin' You needed that gave it to you that's because I had it Then you started takin' advantage I seen yo pattern
Why you mad? Why you mad? Why you mad? Why you mad? Why you mad? Mad Why you mad? Mad, yeah Ooh, I just spent a hundred G's with the crew Me and the team putting off Making money 'cause it's all I know Don't wave, I breeze through the crowd, breeze through the crowd
Saw a lot of G's move around, G's move around They doubted and we still blew up Are they hatin' out of fear or the love? Why you mad? Mad Why you mad? Mad, yeah Down this shot of Hennessy, I don't need no enemies' Floatin' like a featherweight But they know we heavyweight
Ovde je previse propalih snova, al' ovaj necu da vam dam Ovaj mi ne diraj! Kol'ko si video, kol'ko si shvatio Koliko dobio i koliko si vratio? Jer nije preko noci, uvek te nesto koci Pitanje pravo je da li ces hteti a ne moci Priliku grabi, ne cekaj, jer sama nece doci Predugo ziveli lose, ali sada je kraj
Pravo iz podruma, prljavih, mokrih podova Realna prica izlazi, granice da oduva Stotine svirki i nastupa ovih godina Ovde je previse propalih snova, al' ovaj necu da vam dam Ovaj mi ne diraj! Toliko cekanja da bi se nesto desilo Znam hiljadu onih kojima bi 'davno preselo Hteo sam biti promena i inspiracija
Nikako popularan, ni prokleta senzacija Stani kraj mene da te vidi cela nacija Ja sam uradio sta rekli su da ne mogu Ono sto zelim reci je da verujes, u prevodu Sve dok si odlucan i srce vidi se u pogledu Niko oduzeti ne moze tu pobedu! Sada jer mogu da odlepim! Previse muke i zrtve i godina
Carry me, won't you Carry me.. Cause i'm just one dream away Just one dream away Just one dream away, Before i Wake.. Open up your eyes in the morning Looking at the sun with me If your on your way to hell by yourself Then i'll give you Company
Finding peace under sheets babe just Stay Don't you get out of bed Hiding from the world and we just play With Revolution in our Heads.. Carry me, won't you Carry me, For awhile Carry me, won't you Carry me.. Cause i'm just some dreams away Just one dream away
I don't know what this mostly is about I'm gettin' really mad Lookin' in the mirror at all the demons inside of me I don't like the person that I'm tryna be I don't know what this mostly is about Maybe I'm crazy, yeah I'm just getin' really mad Lookin' in the mirror at all the demons inside of me
She up in my DM,She's hoping She getting this dick Mmmmmmh? Hold up Lil Bitch Hold up Lil bitch ,24/7 I'm Working I'm getting no sleep She up in my DM,She's hoping She getting this dick Mmmmmmh? *|Hook|* Hold Lil bitch Mmmmmhh Yeah Yeah Hol up
I'm in the stu With The click Hold Up,Yuh thinking Bout Getting this dick? Uh yuh ain't getting this dick,Uh never yuh never Getting this dick Yeah yeah Mana weeh bitch You ain't Get it no cap Stop it Lil bitch Yuh ain't goin get it that's facts Shit Is hot A fire umlilo
I'm the one, not the two, haha Uh Yeah Put my love above, drive me insane A little Hennessy, a lotta D'USSE Baby, make a movie with me, Blu-ray Could've saved me from myself, but it's too late Sorry for inconveniences and mood swings
Fly as fuck in Givenchy, sippin' Kool-Aid, yeah Baby, if you give it to me, I'll give it to you You know that I got you, hey Yeah, baby girl, you know you hit the target Beautiful and sweeter than a box of Boston Markets Put a stone on you like the diamond was once lost in the Arctic She know you whipped the Bugatti in the way that you parked it Respect my reflection or you better get
My queen move with proper royal and prince etiquette We blossomed together even when I became a predicate Funny how we started off as friends with benefits Everything right, she a perfectionist And when she tight about some shit, you gotta let a bitch Ride or die loyal, mami'll never switch And build a empire together, now we forever rich, I got you Yeah, fiendin' for your love every damn day
I see the half of it, the other half is stored away, it's all up in my head for long I swear the bed is wear I stay I'm beyond scared, the things that I do when I'm locked up in a horror film my mind is having horrid views I see the half of it, the other half is stored away, it's all up in my head for long I swear the bed is wear I stay I don't wanna go to hell bro All the shit I done I kept it on the down low Phone is dry, can't even hit up some my old hoes Tweaking, I'm disassociated I just wanna feel better shit I'm aggravated
Everything around feeling saturated 2am thoughts get the best of me Pills or herbs won't work on me I guarantee Im a night owl insomniac waiting in the bushes for the break of dawn acting like a maniac Cause I cannot endure my pain, I'm on the verge of being insane They do not fuck with me cause I'm low energy, so I'll just stop playing their games I cannot swerve back into my lane I call it reduction in my brain
Amar shobta thik ase Zodi shobta noshto thakhe Shobta alright Amar Shobta thik ase Zaga moto thaba dile shobta alright, Ami koislam na ni agey? Ami koiram abar oney Cash bhora bag loge
Khorram flex Loge stacks homie! Alright, Amar bhaiyain amar loge 3-0-8-0 Northside On the mic, Nai nai pera to nai Whole gang we are alright! Fake-ass, tora shob wannabe
Come back! to the game easily Oh no! Tora to shotto ei nitite Jah! Elakay olite golite Ghayel hobi je tui hayenari aghate Shobdo, bakko, shoto chondo Milito ek ongsho purno
Niye kotha gula ami harder trap e te mogno, whoop! Wo Wo Woooooooooooo Ye yeah ye Oy Be Yeah Alright, Alright, Zaga moto thaba dile shobta alright Ami koislam na ni agey?
Ima do it for myself, Ima do it for the fam Everything I'm finna do it's gon' be part of the plan I don't wanna back down, Ima do this 'till the end If you really wanna know, you gon' wait until the end Ima do it for myself, Ima do it for the fam Everything I'm finna do it's gon' be part of the plan I don't wanna back down, Ima do this 'till the end If you really wanna know, you gon' wait until the end
Aye aye aye Let me tell you a story about a young kid Just wanna chase his dreams Didn't even matter if it was real or was make believe Lotta people laughed at him like it was some kind of joke But in the end he'll be at the top I hope All I ever wanna be is one of the greats Getting the pay
Don't give a fuck 'bout the hate All of you bitches be lame Get up on my level You wanna play games, Nintendo I got the cheat codes Run up on me you end zone Ride around my block, not a Santo You be switching up like I switch up my tempo
Ammi jaan bole k Beta tu dekh! Kya haal bna rha hai? Daadi na kaate, Na Baal Bna rha hai? Sota samey se na, Khana tu kha rha hai! Khamosh hoon baitha par sab sun rha hoon Kaun hai apna paraya? Sab chun rha hoon Taano-btaano k shor se hua bore toh baja Apni he dhun rha hoon!
Duniya k taur tareeke Aur adab saleeke jo seekhe tum sabne haan theek hai! Par mai bhi kiyo seekhu iss koyle k khaan mei veera! Tum ho koyla mai hoon Heera! Btaa alag kiyo na dikhoon! Likhne, gaane aur music banane ki sense! Sabko aati nhi aur meri jaati nhi Bata kiyo na mai likhu!
Aur kaise sahi maan lu mai Tera tarak! Tujhe Rapper aur Bhand mein na dikhta Farak! Aise toh tujhe mere dear Kahu Civil Engineer ya Dihaadidaar kiyo? Same he toh hai work! Drop Kiyo mere liye hai badhiya?
Tere jaise ka Nazariye! Jo meri kala ko sune bina he keh rha hai ghatiya! Bole Zehan mera vicharo mujhe! Galat hu toh sudharo mujhe! Par aise ch...... ki baat maanu? Oh bhai! Maaro Mujhe! Ab sun le kan khol kr Agar tujhe pta yeh na!
Dabne walo mein se na mai Fatke bahr aane wala hoon Jawalamukhi ka jawala Mere Gaane honge hit! So I don't give a shit k Teri Nazaron mei Mai Koi Orchestra Wala Hoon! Career Goal Track Hamara hai One WAY
Hum hai ROMEO AND JAZZIE Shak kareo na Humpe Studio 4lakh ka humne dala apne dum pe Tabhi jali teri Bum pe! Chahe kala meri Kho jaaye Fitoor mera So jaaye Kuch aisa kar guzroon K pehchaan amar ho jaaye
Verse I 1 Gig, no matter 2 Gig, no matter 3 Gig, no matter Ouu Buddy I'm a megabite! And I'm pushing all the way to a gigabyte You will see me when i pull up on the other side
No lie cause I'm cushing on a Kilobyte Here we go... Switch your memory card Switch your memory card No space, no place buh we gonna have to play No space, no place buh we gonna have to play Verse II Okay
Let me take you on tour You don't need to Ignore I'ma switch to a memory, get it? I'm in a song! They don't see me cause I'm sitting with Jesus The Lord How are you praying to God and your attention on Mammon? How do you yell at your Mommy when she's the one the phone? You don't need no motivation until you finished at home!
Cleanin' the dishes is part of being a memory card 1 Gig, put it all aside! Pre-Hook Switch your memory card, gonna bring back memories, but its all gone! Switch your memory card, gonna make more space, you'd say no more! Switch your memory card, gonna bring back memories, but its all gone! Switch your memory card, gonna make more space, you'd say no more! Switch your memory
Verse III Honestly, I gotta say, as a memory card... I feel like I've been abused Used, tossed and amused!!! From the day I was, in 1980 Toshiba wasn't ready, but they had to let me go... Now I'm globally Recognized and underpriced I feel like lonely as ever, but I'm just a device
I've been supported, never loved cause they put me aside! The only way I could cry, was to never be blind Okay let me sum it all up, I almost forgot As a memory card, you kinda gave me a lot Now I'm free, cause I got space and leaving it large Buddy you know i visited Drake, with Nicki Minaj? Hah! I'm the only who saved your files, so you can talk about me, better know, I know where you hide
But you know I'm kamikaze And these niggas really lie on me My niggas really ride for me My niggas really put in work My niggas really slide with me My niggas really ride with me My niggas really died with me You start with all that violence
200 thousand in my left hand Big stacks I need a bag I need a big bag Get cash I need it bad I need it real bad Pop tags
I got them bands I got them big bands Big bag 200 thousand in my left hand Big stacks I need a bag I need a big bag Get cash
I need it bad I need it real bad Pop tags I got them bands I got them big bands Put the money in my hand Put the money in my hand Big bands
You ain't talking money we ain't chit chat Big Racks Big Racks Bitch we got the money We got big racks Bitch we got the money We got big racks Bitch we got the money got them big stacks
Bitch we got the money got that big cash I put all my money in a big bag I put all my money in a big bag I put all my money in a big stack Big cash Big cash Baby we got money we got big cash Big bag
Big bag Ima get that money ima get that When I hit it baby It's gon hit back When I hit it baby you gon miss that Baby we got money we got big bags You ain't talking money we ain't chit chat Bitch we got the money we got big racks Baby we got money we got big cat
This week is weak we peaked we need to last more than a little Week to week we seem to tweak we seem to get more brittle We can speak but speech we speak it never seems too simple We just need to see that we are free when better people Push me away, can I stay Can I stay, can I stay, can I stay, can I stay First thing you say go away then you say you should stay When you can see to make belief is not just make believe
'Cause you are free and we are we and love will never retreat In times of need You are my Queen In times like these do not concede defeat No no Who is the Sun in all my dreams? I know And I know
I could never let go Whatever you're feeling I'm with you I know it Yeah You know me I'm frozen you're glowin' Our heat is just melting my bones in My onus To be alone is Never to disappoint you
In my search for atonement Big boulder was once a stone kid And I'm still harder than the fist that broke your nose with Its mighty swing A clean sweep Irony's sake it's something you once wished it would bring Love And so my body collapses inside itself
I hate when she call me with no conversation and nothing in mind but to fight If only she'd hear me when I'm calling to her then maybe I won't have to write About all this fuck shit and all that's above it that's killin' me slowly at night When the sky falls down I'll be alone in my room You know you're important I can't live without you girl, please don't leave me all alone My heads on my shoulders I'm keepin' it high 'cause I don't want to cry when you're gone Why oh why don't she feel my pain She don't like me for my brain, she like to make me go insane
Babygirl, you know you keep me tame You swim through my veins I'm soaring high just like a plane I hate that she with him and she all up on him and sayin' that he's just a friend I know that's a lie, I see it in your eyes, babygirl I will never forget The hatred that fills me how you left me lonely it makes me feel sick to my head So I'll down these bottles, I know it sounds awful but I think I'm better off dead When the sky falls down I'll be alone in my room When I end it all I'll be thinkin' about you
Baby don't you leave, not yet we're movin' too fast Drivin' down the street and I'm watchin' all the lights pass Hold me to your chest as we reminisce on the past Flyin' to the moon I hope this fragile rocket don't crash Baby I don't know how much I can take Talkin' like you hate me and it's driving me insane Baby if you leave I think I might just blow my brain My last girl left me broken don't you do the same
Dop momci su u zgradi Auuuh!! They say I'm getting money - must be Illuminati To nema veze s' njima - dop momci su u zgradi Znamo vise o zakonu nego advokati Samo se javi, vrata otvara ti Najnti Ako startuju te, zgutaj - mojne slucajno da pevas Kada budes dao izjavu - ja te cekam
Budi dobar decko - pusticemo kerove Dodi sa parama, necu remove, leranje Radim sa hemijom, ne zovi me za smejanje Dop momci su u zgradi, naravno da nas ne znate Smorilo je pracenje, prisluskivanje poziva Reci mi kad i gde - dolazimo kolima Rijamu patrolira ispred zgrade nocima Dop momci su u zgradi, dop momci su u zgradi
Dop momci su u zgradi, dodi s' nama da se radis Dop momci su u zgradi, dodi dodi da se radis Dodi s' nama da se radis, dop momci su u zgradi Dop momci su u zgradi, dop momci su u zgradi Dop momci su u zgradi, dodi s' nama da se radis Dop momci su u zgradi, dodi dodi da se radis Dodi s' nama da se radis, dop momci su u zgradi Razmisli dobro koji potez da povuces
Rija se steka i ceka te ispred kuce Hoces da zgutas il' u kste da zavuces Pistol packing u WC-u svoga stana Ispod kade je tura od 120 grama Ne mozete bez nas, ne mozete ni sa nama Picite, kriza - dop momci tu sa vama Pandurska picko, ne plasi me tvoja devetka Bomba je postavljana u kolevku kreveta
You can hit my line And imma' be right on time Ay lil' brother I got yo back If you need something imma' have to bring that sack You can hit my line And imma' be right on time If you need me you can just call Imma' make sure you get out and you gon' eat
People don't know how to stay out of these streets They keep telling me just take a lil' peek When I was a kid I did a lot of stuff Not saying I'm grown but I was young enough My mama told me I gotta' act better I told her imma' say sorry in a letter I had to do better in school change my mood Cuz' being bad in school was really not the move
The point I'm tryna make is don't be like me You can do better imma' really see But right now imma' have to make a big change I don't want to see you in the future in pain Let me tell you a lil' something about school Some people gon' tell you that y'all really cool They gon' leave you on the ground with a big frown It's gon be hard at first
But when you master it its gonna be easy work If you need help you can call my phone Imma come get you, then help you, then take you back home Our family really work hard together The love we got gonna be tight forever People don't want to see us live so they gon hate You can walk because they always be the same The law really not cool in this world
Tryna listen and help but I just don't know how to explain What am I gonna do? Get away from you? I was trying way too hard to be okay with you Can't continue, don't know what's the issue I was fucked up too much to be you sneeze inside my jacket And I'm full of this shit, I'm giving up I really think that I've had it
I Tell you It's whatever though, I'll get over it with time I'll get over it, alright I don't want to speak, all those things you said to my face Tryna listen and help but I just don't know how to explain What am I gonna do? Get away from you? I was trying way too hard to be okay with you
Catch a flow, 2 step with my partners Feeling like yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah Bad bitches like Rihanna anna anna Bad bitches like Rihanna, that's my baby mama Pocket full of money why I ball I don't want beef, I'd rather pop a bottle
I just wanna dance with a pretty supermodel Catch a flow, 2 step with my partners Feeling like yeah yeah Bad bitches Gutter bitch, she be pop a bottle I be on the Henny, drunk, almost passed out Pretty women with they ass out
Shawty give me good top AP Wrist watch Watch-out bitch don't get shot Blue cheese Big Knots Bitch I got that big gwuap She just want my money cause these diamonds on my wrist watch
Big bag Shawty wanna fuck me cause she know that I got big rocks Red lamb Red socks Red vans Red box Shawty say she love me Ima tell that bitch to lip lock Big bands
Big gwuap Big bags Big rocks She just want my money baby my Rollie don't tick-tock Switch lambs Switch thots Switch hands Big Bag
Big rocks Big lamb Big knots Big hands Big Glock Switch bags Switch thots Switch hands
Switch box Switch lambs Switch drops Big box Big hands Red lamb Red sox Red vans
Red-box Switch lamb Switch box Switch hand Big lambs Big drops Shorty say she love me but she really want my money now Shorty wanna fuck me cause I'm riding In a Rari now
Bitch I'm getting money now Bitch I got them hundreds now Shorty say she love me but she really wanna gun me down Ak's Big Glocks Shawty give me good top AP Wrist watch
Watch-out bitch don't get shot Blue cheese Bitch I got that big gwuap She just want my money cause these diamonds on my wrist watch Shawty wanna fuck me cause she know that I got big rocks Red socks Red box Shawty say she love me Ima tell that bitch to lip lock
Big bags She just want my money baby my Rollie don't tick-tock Big lamb Switch bags Big box Red sox Red-box Switch lamb
Switch hand Big lambs Big drops Shorty say she love me but she really want my money now Shorty wanna fuck me cause I'm riding In a Rari now Bitch I'm getting money now Bitch I got them hundreds now Shorty said she love me but she really wanna gun me down
I got 17 racks in my lamb I got bands I got 20 bitches like a band I got shorty geekin off them Xans I got Xans I'm just tryna fuck you and your friend Oh Goddamn I like lambs
She like bags I like bands She so mad I got cash I got bags She want everything that's in my hand She want bands Yeah that bitch still think I'm her man
Who's your man Yeah got her leaking like a damn Oh Goddamn I got shawty fucking her friend I got fans I got 20 blades up in the van I'm the man I got 17 racks in my lamb
I got lambs I got 20 bitches like a band I got shorty geeking off them Xans I got Xans I got 17 racks in my hand I got 17 racks in the lamb I got lambs I got shawty geeking off them Xans
300 Xans in the bag who gon pick em up 400 fans in the back Ima stick em up 500 rounds at the trap Tupac hit em up 600 thousand in the lamb I don't give a fuck 700 plants in the lab Ima run it up I just want the cash and a bag I don't want no love I'm just with your girl popping tags
She gon give it up I know why you're mad I got cash and you're runner up I been getting bags putting Xans in my double cup I got 20 bitches like a band Ima run em up I been driving lambs I'm the man What's a Rari for? I been getting bands
I got bags I got more of em I been bands but Ima need another one Shawty she a 10 but Ima make her double up Double C bags with the tags She want all of em Double G's bagged in the trap I got all of em
200 pounds in the back of the pickup truck 300 Xans in the bag who gon pick em up 400 fans in the back Ima stick em up 500 rounds at the trap Tupac hit em up 600 thousand in the lamb I don't give a fuck 700 plants in the lab Ima run it up I just want the cash and a bag I don't want no love
I'm just with your girl popping tags She gon give it up I know why you're mad I got cash and you're runner up I been getting bags putting Xans in my double cup I got 20 bitches like a band Ima run em up I been driving lambs I'm the man What's a Rari for?
I been getting bands I got bags I got more of em I been bands but Ima need another one Shawty she a 10 but Ima make her double up Double C bags with the tags She want all of em Double G's bagged in the trap
Seen you in traffic why you actin like you didn't notice? Okay, I get it, that's because you're in a Ford Focus I'm only kiddin' but you hate it when a nigga jokin' I know you love it when I take you home and buss it open I've been sittin' reminiscin' on the pastime Wonder if the last time is the last time Hit it from the front side or the back side Or I put it all up in your mouth like it's fluoride
Ouu Backslide Ouu She say it's so good she had to back slide Hop on top and take me for a joy ride When you bend it over that's your upside Ouuuu We been gettin' high on the East Side
Geekin' and we didn't start till midnight Deep in said I'm messin' up her insides Leakin' had her wetter than the sea side Work for me baby Work, work for me Aye Seen you on at Signature on Instagram, you in my city I would have liked but you wouldn't want your nigga seein'
Just to keep it on the low, I slid up in your DM I could afford that lil hoe from AM to the PM Drivin' when it's on the right, I ride it European Honestly, you sucked me right, I had to pledge allegiance Swear to God, that's on my life, put that on Baby Jesus Can we do this one more time, I need another sequence Ouu you leakin' Got you fiendin'
I know I could treat you better Don't got no heart So I can't trust you When I can do better If you call me then I come thru Yeah I make you wetter Why do I try I don't know But I'm getting better
Babygirl I love you Baby I can't trust you I just had to sub you Baby that's what thugs do Babygirl I love you Baby I can't trust you I just had to sub you Baby that's what thugs do
I know I could treat you better Don't got no heart So I can't trust you When I can do better If you call me then I come thru Yeah I make you wetter Why do I try I don't know But I'm getting better
Girl, use your brain- I really really really wanna know Girl I wanna know I really really really wanna know We can get close We do the most I like all your posts You get my all
Big bag Bitch mad Get cat Big stacks Big rat Quick cash Pop tags You broke my heart
I seen your lies My heart so cold I'm dead inside I broke your heart I made you cry I held your heart And watched it die You broke my heart
I seen your lies My heart so cold I'm dead Inside Big bag Big tag Big bands Bitch mad Get cash
Big stacks Big rat I broke your heart I made you cry I held your heart And watched it die Big tag Get cat
You know I love you- Yeah man, shoutout my nigga Cartier God nigga, get it Yuh nigga, Based Lazy nigga Basedworld nigga fuck you mean nigga Ooh, Cartier! I know I like you, yeah Sometimes that's what you know, yeah I want some , yeah You know I love-
I will dump her and go fuck her sister I'm in danger, I'ma lose my temper Oh lil' mama I don't need your number Ion talking 'bout no heartbreak Life give me chills like lemonade 25 inches that's her waist You never put a thing on my plate Life is a skatepark, I'ma skate
You don't take a chance, you seem afraid 40 on my face, I hallucinate If I don't got money, I'ma go make a way I need a mistress I need a rich bitch I need a thick bitch I need a skinny hoe I need a mistress
I pass her to my YG She be down the line wit' 'em everyday like Kilani Pro line wit' the pics Only 9's and 10's in the mix Everyday when we lit, yeah Who makes you feel like this My hittas in the cut catchin' bodies My niggas doin' time for a homi'
See I been the ahh ee We gon' hit his top, and leave it sloppy Free M.A, GT on the body Pass to Ryda of the rarri' We'll never fall in love wit' punani Pussy, you seen me, never saw me I pass her to my YG She be down the line wit' 'em everyday like Kilani
Pro line wit' the pics Only 9's and 10's in the mix Everyday when we lit, yeah Who makes you feel like this Bitch and her friend say she want me, they on me Hit her raw, had to get a Plan B Bitch tryna trap me, she tryna start a family Should've known better
Bitch got a broke boy, she can do better Need a go-getter Even if you saw me Big gun on my waist, if a nigga try to try me Last time he got lucky Any nigga runnin' up this time gettin' duppied I'm frontline wit' a stick Any day I'm down for this shit
Okay, let's go Tell me when it's enough Take my hand, we'll be alright Okay, let's go Baby girl let me know I got your girl with me tonight Wanna pop me like a Gimme your heart, what's the harm?
I'm smoking weed with my bro We got like 4 grams of dro Look at us we finna glow Listen to me And my flow Ima snort up on some blow In this rap game ima pro Ima fuck up on your hoe Aye
Brady Diaz: Weed baby smoke a lot of weed baby Weed baby smoke a lot of weed baby Gabe: Weed baby smoke a lot of weed Half and eights and ounces baby tell me what you need You ask to hit this blunt then ima tell you just to leave Smoking Colorado's finest yeah that blue dream
Weed baby smoke a lot of.... Weed baby Weed baby Smoke a...... Remy: This ain't what it's like, no this just a dream Smoking hella tree turning lil baby to a fiend Remy:
I copped the Glock with, a very long dick Gonna take a long time to empty this clip It was a S-L-U-T bitch, I don't wanna fuck you dick shit bitch, on your head bitch I'm on that M, O, B big shit bitch Choppa eat him up like some cheese sticks bitch I copped the Glock with, a very long dick Gonna take a long time to empty this clip
Tell her to buy me some plug x2 I got my niggas on plug x2 Tell her to buy me some plug x2 Drop the top Make it dance Like a diamond Flexisouras Like my chorus
Pop a xan Migo fan Huncho Jack I'm saint Laurent Sauce drip gang gang bang Slang I got my niggas lit gang I got these bitches banged All my vocals are slang I got niggas in amo
Me gusta el sexo anal, ay El gay sexo anal, ay , ay Tiengo maldita insieme a Pero me gusta mucho El gay sexo anal, ay Gay sexo anal, ay Cojame el ano, por favor
Pizzaz Ngamba, why you stopping me from working you know, I got bills to pay, you know I got Family Percy Abaana basooma nga kati Bali waka batuude, Kusooma Kwa mpaka, tetulina ssente za yaka, sikyakola, Ndwadde RDC yetaaga kipapula, Wensula Land lord Musasiire Yetaaga Kusasulwa Pizzaz No body wannah give everybody wannah take, tetukyakola, Obuvunanyizibwa Bunjji Eyiii ehhh ... Omuganda agamba akatono Kazira Muliiso mbuuza naye kaliwa, kadda mwezzo embutto z aba MP ne ba Minister bookwasa ebibaluwa , nga ffe ababnauganda tusula njala nga oluusi tukeera kumaluma , sijja kulimba , sijja kukweeeka, yo excellency walai kituluuma Highly security you're providing naye, they be beating people dem Cafew quarantine basiliikale bajjikozessa kusiiba ffe abba teen.
When my brother died you seen the pain my eyes I felt this fucking life was like a devil in disguise Please don't tell me shit cause what you telling me is lies This the hardest shit cause when I wrote this shit I cried Half of me is dead my daughter keep this half alive I guess I gotta find my way through this fucking life Always thought the worst when I fight Watch them street lights that's when the hood go to fight
We taught the set you rep was the main purpose in life I keep this thirty-eight cause man I know this shit ain't right And I'ma squeeze this shit before you think to take my life When I'm whining down and reminiscing nights Cush and cut Dutch's man that shit keep from fucking my life Cause no one understands what I be feeling at night And when you staring at your daughter eyes Tryna smile but it's hard inside
Never understand till you in a fathers eyes Like when shit went wrong am I waiting for god to decide Cause my head so fuck I don't know what to believe inside Looking at faith but it always seems to way my odds Ain't such a surprise My life is a surprise Smoking so much Cush I don't get even get high Working nine to five I'm just tryna get by
"STICKY" One two when the beat drop they go whoa-oh Baby gone put it on me Footwork-work let me see the foot work-work\ footwork-work let me see the footwork-work Footwor-wer-werk let me see the footwork , footwork, footwork, footwork Footwork, let me see the footwork / I'm in the kitchen with the good work Got um comin out the wood work / mmm give me the good good Good brain she a book worm / good friend so we took turns
Not at all am I concerned / well not at all am i concerned Footwork let me see the footwork / cut it up like cook work Bring it back like wow / make um dance till tey foot hurt And we up in the cloud / cause we never turn down Turnt up, cause you know I'm on loud / when im ridin up first, or im flyin down Woodward Baby gone put it on me Footwork-work let me see the foot work-work\ footwork-work let me see the footwork-work Footwor-wer-werk let me see the footwork , footwork-work let me see the footwork
I'm switchin up my languages / my slang i'm changin it Put it down do my thang with it / my style so dangerous Why would i lay with it / then why would i play with it If im not OK with it / then i would i ever wanna stay with it I'm in LA with it / Freeway with it This drug is taking over you These guns are aiming all at you .... eeh -yeh- eh And its a dangerous point of view
Armor on my chest, diamonds on my neck And I feel so high, think i'm outer space Aye Armor on my chest, diamonds on my neck And I feel so high, think i'm outer space Pull up on a bitch in the face Flexin' so hard, think i'm a heavyweight All y'all niggas talkin' shit, y'all some lightweights
Movin' bitch i'm outta state Fettuccine with some steak, on a fuckin' golden plate In a mansion with some golden gates, why y'all bitches gotta hate? Pull up on a bitch in the face Flexin' so hard, think i'm a heavyweight All y'all niggas talkin' shit, y'all some lightweights Try to mess with me, that's a mistake Fuck yo beef, I just want some cake
What it do My mama said Heart attack Stop the track Zodiac Prozac in my backpack That bitch a snack What it do
Fuck it up like that bitch on crack Pop it back Fuck her like I knew her Bitch a snack Bitch on crack Look like Freddy Cruger I don't never leave the crib unless I got my ruger Bitch gimme a heart attack
Fuck her till she break her back Suck my dick until she mad Cut my wrist because I'm sad Pop a bean because I'm bad Fuck your bitch she call me dad Gettin' paper you a fag My momma said Zodiac
Prozac in my backpack That bitch a snack Fuck it up like that bitch on crack Heart attack stop the track Doin' drugs I smoke a pack They will never understand Fuck with me but don't touch my mans Better run as fast you can
She said, "fuck me till I heart attack" These girls they make my heart turn black Alone in my room with the aderall I might feel down but I'm standing tall Heart attack but I will never fall Everyone love me but nobody call Say you a gangster you don't wanna brawl Might fuck around and put you in the ground
Miss Sometimes Ugly What have you done to me, ooooh what have you done? Ooooh Miss Lovely Miss Sometimes Ugly What have you done to me, ooooh what have you done? I got what you want if you want it from me But see after this song I'll be top of the scene Well I was along, but not happy with we
But I mean, I mean, I wanna be happy with we I make her pussy pulse when I enter the room I only fucked her once, now she's forever a groupie Karate chop the coochie The new scene Bruce Lee hit it raw like sushi I got a lot on my mind but nothing to say I got a lot on my mind but nothing to say Miss Cigarette Smoker
Nein du, Nein du, Nein du Nein du, Nein du, Nein du Nein du liebst mich nicht Nein du liebst mich nicht Modeselektor, K-K-K-K Nein, Nein, Nein Nein, Nein, Nein Nein
I feel that I have a responsibility to the fashion community Woke up feeling like Posh Spice Only wear black and I'm not nice Get what I want I don't ask twice Look good but I'm still the bad guy Mean stare, got resting bitch face I'm real as fuck but my tits fake Every bad bitch wanna kiss me
Wanna know how my man dick taste Ooh, that's triflin', you faded, I might be Cool, I'm icy, my neck froze, they bite me Give no fuck, bitch I'm Posh Spice Fill my cup, bitch, I'm Posh Spice Brand new truck, fuck the stoplight Brand new truck, fuck the stoplight Cold out, fit, bitch I'm Posh Spice
I'm that bitch, call me, "Posh Spice" Got us some' for the highlights Wrist so loud so I don't talk much Black high heel, when I walk, I strut Stone cold bitch, try to call my bluff Sharks in the pool 'cause I'm rich as fuck Here's a couple quid, if you really broke Might've said sorry, not really though
Sextape, let's make a video Send a private link on Vimeo Ooh, that's triflin', you faded, I might be Cool, I'm icy, my neck froze, they bite me Give no fuck, bitch I'm Posh Spice Fill my cup, bitch, I'm Posh Spice Cold out, fit, bitch I'm Posh Spice I'm that bitch, call me, "Posh Spice"
Pop to the party why not Pop another perc why not She fuck with the gang why not Get hit in your head why not Tats on my neck why not Lil' bitch I was driven from the bottom to the top She fuck with the gang why not Bitch we at the spot
Rob your homie why not Diss your homie why not Take some more molly why not Fucking unknown thot Get hit in the head with this motherfucking Glock Now you got a wide knot x2 Pop to the party why not
Shawty getting mad Cause she know what I do Big body Benz Got a big body coupe Butterfly doors with a suicide roof Big body Benz Got a big boy coupe Big boy lamb
Got a big body too Suicide doors but it got no roof Hop in the Lamb That's a butterfly coupe Big boy Lamb Big boy bands Yeah you know what I do Big body Lamb
But it got no roof Got a big boy coupe Suicide doors on the butterfly coupe Shawty getting mad Cause she know what I do Got a big body too Got a big body coupe Butterfly doors with a suicide roof
Yeah, yeah, yeah I said I just hopped off a jet Told her give me neck Told her give me neck-neck-neck-neck-neck, ayy Neck cost a check, new shiny bustdown rolex Damn I love to flex-flex-flex-flex-flex Just hopped off a jet Told her give me neck
Told her give me neck-neck-neck-neck-neck Neck cost a check, new shiny bustdown rolex Damn I love to flex-flex-flex-flex-flex Just hopped off a jet, oh shit 60 on my neck-neck-neck-neck-neck Neck cost a , and I had to fuck your bitch Told her lick my dick, dick, dick, dick, dick shit and get hit with the stick
pussy nigga- I said I just hopped off a jet Told her give me neck-neck-neck-neck-neck Damn I love to flex-flex-flex-flex Just hopped off a jet -fuck her wet Why my dick no wet, yuh Cuz my dick no wet, ugh
Just call me call me one more time again No clue what's going on inside of my head Sights i used to see are far ahead If i try to get there i'll be dead So long, so close, setting of the rowboat Feeling like forever like i'm seeing it in slow mo But it's too far gone no coming back just like the dodo If i try to build it back all i get is no no
This girl and i thought she was everything now i don't know what to think Lies and betrayal it's hurting my heart she hitting me up still wanting to link But i'm never gonna turn my feelings, i'm never gonna turn on what I believe It's only right, not only me that you fight, battle with what is inside You were my light, your love just blinded my sight, now turning from day to the night It's not alright, our love is no longer tight, cause these feelings stop me living my life I just keep on going going going all night Never really knowing knowing knowing inside
And just leaving me broken And just leaving me hopeless I don't know what to do I dont know what to do yeh Yes i am so confused Yes i am so confused Put my heart on the line you Smashed it down now i cannot move
I don't know what to do I dont know what to do yeh Put my heart on the line you Smashed it down now i cannot move Cause nothing else can fulfill me inside Feeling like i'm going out of my mind I thought i was the best i've ever been But you took my heart you took everything
And i know you could call it stupid But you pirecred my heart like cupid You be, taking me down a one way street No exit, got me on the tip of my feet, the tip of tongue The words coming straight from beyond I thought we were just happy that we having fun So bipolar changing every second Feelings hold me down got me captured
These feeling could be something that i can't change But i'm gonna push them with the rest of the pain Took my trust and you broke it Took my heart and you broke it And just leaving me broken And just leaving me hopeless Sometimes, i can be acting a little over the top But the way the I feel don't know how to control it so i just let it out all at once
I hop on the boat You already know You moving too slow No regular Joe I ball like a pro It swish when I throw I hop on the boat You already know
You moving too slow No regular Joe I ball like a pro It swish when I throw Rock out on the stage Get out of my face You can't make what I made I do it all day
Taking no breaks Turning the page Gotta new wage Cuz Im getting paid I'm on the road now I cannot slow down Looking at me like, wow Looking at them like, wow
Gimme that cash when I show up Blasting off boutta to go up Get outta my face, don't make rage Going hard, till the day I die Gotta party like the 4th of July Show me love, always try to hit my line Got no time, so I never reply Yeah you know I'm leading this race
I won't settle for second place No one gon keep up with my pace Try and you'll fall flat on your face Never gonna slow down never gonna give up You know that I get lit every time I wake up But I have to keep going if I'm gonna be the next up They say I'm trying too hard That I should discard all my dreams in the yard
They say I'm bizarre, but I know I'll go far Don't let down your guard, cuz I'll flip all your cards Yeah I am the best I ace every test Yeah I got the zest I didn't try To make you cry So don't be shy
We just friends shaking hands, saying "How do you do?" Although we just friends shaking hands, yeah I can't believe we just We just friends shaking hands, saying "How do you do?" Oh baby still I love you For your love I'd do anything If do anything If do anything My sweet love, I know I messed up
Now every time we meet it's just "Ey what's up?" We were so good, together back then I heard you got a man and I got a girlfriend And we both know that wasn't part of our plan Girl, whatever happened? I can never understand Yeah I know your friends always tell you that they see me on TV So you just gon' pretend that you ain't see me I used to write songs, you was my number one fan
I was comfortable, them other dudes can never get a chance All that sun tan and I would rub your back You turn around and give me a kiss and said you love me right back I know we just friends shaking hands, yeah I can't believe we just Oh baby still I love you Yeah you got my heart, so you owe me I got too many friends, I don't need another homie And I never let another control me
You love it when I smile, I like it when you're angry And tell your friends to go away, you chilling with your baby Live a little, after school, we fixing it Up all night, yeah we BBM in it And now I'm just a king all alone I'm just waiting for my queen Come on baby girl, let us live our dream And your friends used to say that we would last a lifetime
50 like many men Feeling like handyman Scary like candyman She tried to play me like a game Im like a dog, I won't change Jesus piece on my chain I don't even drive, but I'm in my own lane I want money, I want fame
I will walk across the battlefield Try me, try me, try me I will never lose my faith, no You will never break me After doing a lot, now I questioned what I got Now I'm feeling mad, I falling a depression a lot Are you seriously think I'm bad? but I'm not Everyone said that alone is cause of depression
I'm not same as anyone, I don't want any impression I'm sing sad English rap, because you know I'm in depression Nobody follow me, because I'm Indian, I've a different nation Every time people said they don't feelin me How you feel me? my love don't feelin me If I want success, I don't have to the key Sometimes I like to hide myself from people Because I think they don't like me
Now I'm singing my life story listen me What I want to say, I've no words, don't blame me I will walk across the battlefield Try me, try me, try me Now you forget me, broke me, is it very easy? Now everyone tried to break me, break my history I know now only I'm sad, you believe yourself that you're lucky Relation is fake, through my life i understand that
Maybe you involved with other guy, i don't mind for that You compare me with others, i'm not copycat Now you forget me, i'm sad in my room alone dark Maybe one day will come when you gonna remember me Then I've no option to come back, you didn't get me You're not come with me, but your memories always break me In my life i face too many sadness and too much actions Are you believed? I'm a bad person
Pretty boy Kurt, million dollar smile got 'em geeked But ya niggas smoking dick if you thinking shit is sweet Push start, autopilot riding in the Benz Oh you think that bitch is down, we gon put her to the test I done heard and seen it all, shawty I can't be impressed And tell your man's that's tryna press me that I can't be fucking pressed Cause the stick long like a pogo Niggas tried steal the sauce, that's a no go
She on me, I POV lil shawty on a go pro And I don't do no fucking parties you won't catch me in the mix I don't need no rapper buddies all y'all niggas weird as shit I got two big choppers on me and them bitches twins Is you with me or against me don't get shot from off the fence Lil bitch Wrist game, chain on bloody bitch Big faced bussdown bloody bitch
I should've been around for you And told you that I'm proud of you I should've held it down for you I could've learned a lot from you I know I would be poppin' too I know there's nothing I could do I'd kill someone to rock with you I know, I-I owe, you, your props, I do, I do
Salute You're a soldier, it's true And you, fear nobody, you Let them have it Show them magic Drop, drop, drop thirty thousand on a jacket You , took a bow before they started clapping You , day dreamed about it in your classes
And then, you spazzed on their asses I should've never doubted you I should've been around for you And told you that I'm proud of you I should've held it down for you I could've learned a lot from you I know I would be poppin' too I know there's nothing I could do
I'd kill someone to rock with you I know, I-I owe, you, your props, I do, I do Salute You're a soldier, it's true And you, fear nobody, you Let them have it Show them magic Drop, drop, drop the top every time I pass 'em
I'd buy you a boat and a house right by the coast If I had a spaceship , right now I'd take you to the stars 'cause that's where you belong If I had a trillion, right now, oh I'd buy you some time for you and your friends to reconcile If I had children, right now , oh I'd make sure that they know you raised a GOAT, you did the most When I was younger, my screw and wires were tangled
When I was difficult and hard to understand, you Never gave up, you played your role and so I thank you For that, I gotta make some music you can dance to You taught me how to be a man, that's value It's something I gotta pass through, and only by example So right now, I'm taking right off your shoulder I'ma be you now and I'll wait for when I get older Take you to the beach, you haven't been in a while
CHROUS AM A GOTHBOY , WHAT YOU WANT NOW YEAH CAME FROM THE BOTTOM CALL ME HELLBOY YEAH HELLBOY YEAH DEMON KING HE YOUR DAD ONE STEP AHEAD PLEASE DONT DIE PLEASE DONT DIE YEAH ONE TWO THATS MY HEART BEAT
YEAH THREE FOUR TAKE YOUR TIME YEAH YEAH TAKE MY HEART BURN IT INTO SOME ASHES TAKE MY HEART BURN IT INTO SOME ASHES YEAH ASHES AFTER THEM ASHES BURN ME DOWN TURN ME INTO A GHOST GIVE ME ONE MORE CHANCE SURE I"ll TREAT YOU WELL SURE I"ll TREAT YOU WELL CHROUS AM A GOTHBOY , WHAT YOU WANT NOW
Ah Eazi don drop already Baddest Original something BOJ, BOJ e don tey o A-A-Auntie, shekpe Eazi, Eazi, Eazi now Uh Abracadabra no dey cause bele, yeah
Me I dey feel the back e just dey gbon gbon Girl, you make a nigga want to gbe body What is the color of your panty? Omo we go ball 'til I go puncture you Me I dey feel the back e just dey gbon gbon Girl, you make a nigga want to gbe body Ebelebe gan, gan, gan Me I no go lie, I be ashawo
If you give me chance, mo ma nowo Me I no go lie, I be ashawo Girly, back it up oya yo idi, yo idi Gimme whine, make I nau-naughty, naughty Girly, back it up oya yo idi, yo idi Gimme whine, make I nau-naughty, naughty Ge ge ge ge ge, ge ge ge ge ge Ge ge ge ge ge, ge ge ge ge ge
Stank to the Nasty Know the name Stank to the Nasty Illa Noise, Stank to the Nasty Is the motherfuckin name Allow me to introduce myself I maybe new to you but I'm not new to proving myself Somehow I knew they weren't gonna root for me, so I root for myself
I hear them haters talkin', but only time do tell You wanna get to the promised land, you gotta go through hell I'll go again, I know too well, in the end my soul won't sell Illa Noise, Stank to the Nasty Is the motherfuckin' name You will know the name I won't go away As long I keep breathin'
And these drums keep on beatin' Put my cardio in the audio Defibrillate the game Infiltrate radio waves The Lord of the Flow is here to stay History always remembers the ones that trailblaze Just grateful to lace these tracks before the pearly gates I started on my day one instead of prayin' for one day
Imaandaari ki baten karte Na karte bhrastachari Hum baten karte seedhi Aur dheere dheere Pauche hai Baton se dete BT Muddon ke whistle blowers Bajate nahi seeti Dimag se hun thanda
Par scene yahan full LIT hi Likhne jab bhi baithe hai Likhte hai full power se Dikhne lage hai jabse Bars ki kar rahe shower hai Koi bhi sach mang le Tike pade bas ha par hai Baat aai aachi sarkar ki
Asal mei vo kahan par hai Yahan pe sabka fake naam Nahi kisi ka nake kaam Nahi aayegi Safe Sham Jo bhi hoga tu dekh aaj Abe mujhse ab tu khauf kha Shabdon se denge Maut ha Sarkar jayegi Bhaukhla
Apna desh hai galat hath mei Sab ho raha hai bhed chal mei Fase pade hai bhed bhav mei Aane wali andhi ab tu sanssen rok le Agar bachi hai akal toh tu anjaam soch le Ye bande bante dil pe bhoj Thode ye bante jaalsaaz Badlani hai ab inki soch
Karna hai thoda kaamkaaz Na iss desh mei hai koi ram raaj Kitni upar tak hai inki paunch Zehen mei bithana naam aaj Aaj kal ke neta karte toh hai bas fake baten Kuch bhi ulta seedha bolkar Ye seedha Muh ki khate Apni asal zindagi mei toh ye bas dukh ki khate
Apne bhashan de dege Inn sab logon ne desh banten Hum likhte bhi thoda kam hai Par likhai mei full dam hai Na zindagi koi gam hai Tu bhi sab kuch ab jaan le Shabdon se karte sir kalam Kalam mei itni dhar hai
Whip it to The Ends Yeah we drive out the... Bribe out the window Dive out the window Had to jump to jump out the window I done gave her piece,she too the whole thing These niggas around me they want a lil thang These niggas got beef finna whip out the thang
I can't fuck with my chain,you know shit tangle up I'm a lot of things but i'm never in love Got a couple of tats,no i am no thug Been grindin N sweatin but i never stunt Nowadays even Hoes done stunt Whip it to The Ends Yeah we drive out the... Bribe out the window
I put on your lap Just spend how you like yeah Just spend how you like yeah Don't fight it {Chorus] I put on your lap Just spend you like yeah Put in your lap
Never hit me, 'bout to blow up On bad days gotta keep my nose up Chief my weed up Smoke my dope up Never hit me, 'bout to blow up On bad days gotta keep my nose up Bad days everyday baby Had a few cups, i feel lazy
Everyday Halloween Everyday Halloween You changing paces, i'm changing faces I'm goin' places, how you trip with laces My lighters light is the only i know The shit on my nose is whiter then snow Got white bitches on the floor Never OG, i'ma roll roll
Kaise tu baitha hai aakh chura k dekh Kya Kya na hua hai Teri vajha se Soch ab Kya Teri saza hai uske baad jo hua hai Teri vajha se Kaise tu jira hai kaise toh ek ghoot bhee paani tu peera hai kaise tu hai khada ek bhoj ki tarahsamajhra hai khud ko Sona ek khara Tu nahi hai aage piche dekh launde saare aage badhe Jo sahi hai kaam Kam baat zada 6 saal beta atka tu toh wahin hai maa baap k sar pe jo bhoj latka tu bas wahi hai na kaam ka na kaaj ka kabil tu nahi hai Kar Jo Teri aukaat hai soch Kya tujhme vo baat hai Kabhi Socha hai Kyu hau tu itna akela Socha hai Kyu dost na hai koi tera Tujhme kami hai yeah dimag mein baitha le
Yeah Jo kuch bhee hora hai yeah Teri vajha se Bandi toh karti thee pyar tab bhee chorda tujhe kyuki tu hee bekaar hai Na naam na Paisa kuch na Kar paya tu beta tujhpe dhikaar hai Khatam Kar zindgi k saare chudaape Savere ki khog na Kar aage andhera hai Andhera jo Chaya yeah Teri vajha se Ab tu faasi laga le tujhe jeene ka haq na hai band Kar diye tune saare darwaze Yahi toh teri saza hai kyuki Jo kuch bhee hua vo Teri vajha se
Verse 2 Chaya yeah kaisa andhera sa rehe gaya hu Mai kaisa akela sa khud ko hee kos Raha hu bin baat khud mein hee ghut Raha hu din raat Yeah nakaratmak awaz antaratma ki aari Dil o dimag mein kabza kar ja ri hai mehenat toh puri hai par fal nahi Milta toh Kya iska Matlab yeah Meri vajha se? Meri vajha se hai kuch na Tu muh band kar Jane de side hole chup naa Mujhe jeene de Bak Bak 24 ghanta din raat Shanti se baith k ek glass mujhe paani toh peene de Meri galti nikali hai tune Harr baat mein
Neecha dikhaya jaise Mera jeena apradh hai Jaha bhee Mai jau yeah awaze hai mere dimag mein keheti hai yeah San hua Meri vajha se Haan chal Mana mujhe yeah karte 6 saal hue din raat ek Kari mere bure haaal hue Sab kuch hai chorda mene itihaas banane ko ab aage Jo hoga vo Meri vajha se Haan bandi ne chorda usme na Meri galti usse Jana hee tha Bohot sunli teri ab paunga sab Jo ab Tak paya hai na Kabhi Socha tune kitna Mai seheta hu Kamre mein band karke akela mai reheta hu
All I got is stress now my heart turning blue I just want a text or I can come and see you Ain't thinking bout no next all i need is you I can't get this feeling out my chest no When I see you I can barely catch my breathe, woah I don't got you that means that I got nothing left I take a loss and then I take another step Aye, all these bottles on the counter just to cope
I would trade that all away just for some hope But nah, I just been too low, nah Move from coast to coast change my hair and who I am No I know she wasn't shallow she just been in high demand I might change the way I walk switch my shit on how I talk She start looking at me different I don't know it's what I want I can't get no rest when I'm thinking bout you All I got is stress now my heart turning blue
I just want a text or I can come and see you Ain't thinking bout no next all I need is you I can't get this feeling out my chest no When I see you I can barely catch my breathe, woah I don't got you that means that I got nothing left I take a loss and then I take another step It's what I want It's what I want
Smile so big when I think about you Yeah, been running through my mind on a daily And every time that we talk just amaze me But with my record can't be doing too much Some days I really question if I'm even enough Yeah this shit new to me, I still be taking advice I hope I made some progression, let your heart open up You can tell me when your stressing or the mood dark as fuck
Yeah Nas, Nas We goin' we goin' Uh, uh My pants 'posed to sag, yeah We goin' ultra, yeah We goin' ultra black, I gotta toast to that We don't fold or crack
Occasion, we rose to that, fuck goin' postal We goin' ultra black We goin' ultra black, we goin' We goin' uh Rhythm and blues, pop, rock to soul to jazz 'Til my toes are tagged How I look being told I'm not supposed to brag? Nobody fault, I tell the truth, I know it's facts, we ultra black
Grace Jones skin tone, but multi that Multiple colors, we come in all shades, mocha black Accept where I'm at and not fight me on it Emotional stares like I might be wanted Pitch black like the night, I'm ultra black Sanford and Son reruns, jokes are black Oh yes, oh yes, God bless success We goin' ultra black, like the Essence Fest
Talk with a mask on, the freshest breath African black soap caress the flesh Superfly, The Mack, sittin' fly in the 'Lac Take the boat on the water, history talks with my daughter My son'll be my resurrection Constantly learnin' lessons, I never die, you get the message? I hope you be better than I, life's precious Two steppin'
Sometimes I'm over-black, even my clothes are black Cash Money with the white tee and the soldier rag We goin' ultra black, unapologetically black We goin' ultra black, I gotta toast to that We don't fold or crack Occasion, we rose to that, fuck goin' postal We goin' ultra black We goin'
Raiders, Oakland hat, I smoke to that Pre-rolls and 'gnac, what's the results to that? C-notes and bags She knows I'm classy like I'm Billy Dee Williams Go ultra black , Isaac Kennedy films, Penitentiary II Black like out in the Lou', black don't crack It's like the fountain of youth, the culture's black Like Iman, she beautiful, goin' ultra black
Black like cornrows, afros Black like Kaep' blackballed from the Super Bowl Hall & Oates, I can't go for that Motown Museum, Detroit, I'm ultra black This for New York and all the map No matter your race, to me, we all are black We goin' Nas, Nas
I got pain all in my past, but can't bury it, all of the memorys last Fuck out the way imma go get my cash Memories never fade, that shit keeps the pain Live in this world, that can take my fucking life away Hold me, ain't nobody fuck with me Help me, fuck my life up, smoke some trees I know that you gonna leave me some day I know that you want me for fame
Cut me, can't see, fuck you, fuck me Life ain't shit , so overrated its bullshit When i'm high i can see myself through you When i die, bury me with all my feelings too Can't see the light, everybody wanna fight, oo I got pain all in my past, but can't bury it, all of the memory's last Fuck out the way imma go get my cash Memories never fade, that shit keeps the pain
Live in this world, that can take my fucking life away Hold me, ain't nobody fuck with me Help me, fuck my life up, smoke some trees I know that you gonna leave me some day I know that you want me for fame Cut me, can't see, fuck you, fuck me Life ain't shit, so overrated its bullshit Life ain't shit , so overrated its bullshit
My mind's telling me to Go over, speak it to you Oh I'll regret it if If I don't move So! Let's go! See what you do How many times can I go for you? I'm going nuts Even though we sober you still throwin' up
Throw it up and throw it back down Hit the Woah, you hit that hoe and turn around Turn around and bend it over for me baby I don't even like the club but you driving me crazy Turn it up, turn it up, can you turn it up? Yeah I can't even lie girl, this my favourite song Turn it up, can you turn it up? I act so damn different when you come around
I get so flustered when you're round Yeah I wanna hear the sound "Oh oh oh" Yeah, "oh oh oh" We're in the club We turning up we getting loud Ooh I don't know if I should make my move right now! My mind!
My mind's telling me to Go over, speak it to you Oh I'll regret it if If I don't move So! Let's go! See what you do How many times can I go for you? I'm going nuts Even though we sober you still throwin' up
Throw it up and throw it back down Hit the Woah, you hit that hoe and turn around I keep actin' up baby, yeah Think it's your dress and stuff maybe, yeah But I gotta take this risk for you, yeah I just wanna be with you Keep it real, on a real with you In a room, in a room with you
Ooh baby Think I got this now Yeah I got this now Not sure what I'm stressing about They was plotting, they was scheming, they was hating for no reason Ball out with my boo like every season Treason, never commit treason Defence, why you on the defence?
I'ma just pop them hope they don't keep me awake Hoe I'm a problem I thought you would know by now Want it all by now I'ma die some day tell them all that its on right now Left hand on her ass right hand on the dough right now I say I vape and get high on the low no time to roll She say I like your style I say take off your clothes ain't worried who looking to us we alone She say take me right here don't take me home so I opened her legs and devoured her soul bro Two kids on that ill behavior don't stare too long cause the field 'done raised us
Look hard get popped stomp a nigga on the jaw then forget that nigga's face like two blunts later Look at how your boy 'done came up first class on a plane to famous Don't give her l.o.v. give that hoe e.m.d. just for tonight but you know I can't save you baby Give a player ten feet your impersonating you and your purse is basic I'm the first to say it I'm a paper chaser money calling not a dime is wasted In the mood for some Henny now your dime is wasted in the mood for a heist lets get diamond wasted Beach sex on the rocks keep me in your thoughts don't keep the pilot waiting Hoe I got options pray that it's never too late
I'ma just pop them hope they don't keep me awake Hoe I'm a problem I thought you would know by now Want it all by now I'ma die some day tell them all that its on right now Left hand on her ass right hand on the dough right now Why you walk around like you the baddest bitch Last time you D.T.'d you just did half of it These pillows don't talk don't have to watch what you say Only speak in vowels when you riding my wave
Girl, you notice that I notice When you see me out in public, girl, I notice Yeah, 'cause I really wanna show this Wanna fly , wanna fly On the grind , on the grind Wanna fly , fly Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight Wanna fly, wanna fly, wanna fly, wanna fly
On the grind, on the grind, on the grind, on the grind Wanna fly , fly Tonight , tonight, yeah G-g-got me so surprised, got me so surprised If you wanna get to know me, then you gotta take some time There's no problem with me if you think you wanna change your mind If you really, really want me, then you might as well just try, yeah Yeah, just try, yeah
Wanna fly, yeah Go to heaven with me if you wanna be surprised I don't think it's gonna hurt if you're just givin' it a try If you're ever feelin' down, then take a look up in the sky, yeah Wanna fly, wanna fly On the grind , on the grind Wanna fly, fly Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
Wanna fly, wanna fly, wanna fly, wanna fly On the grind, on the grind, on the grind, on the grind Tonight , tonight, yeah Yeah, I want you , yeah, you want me You always give me smilies Thinkin' 'bout you highly Wanna know where you are, where you at, where you'll be If you come into town, kick it back, chill with me though
Yeah, 'cause I wanna be your equal Met all of the people Want you as my sequel Wanna fly , wanna fly Tonight, tonight, yeah And I want you, do you want me? Yeah, 'cause I saw you in the lobby Head down to your body
I want you as my hobby Yeah, you got me high up like I'm flyin' Yeah, if you were me then you'd be dyin' Yeah, yeah, you see me in the halls, girl Made me wanna fall, girl Wish I didn't stall, girl Yeah, wish I took you to Ball Made me just wanna fall
All I want is bein' outside Baby can you try? Cause I'm an only early bird, yeah "Im sorry" - tired hear that words, yeah Kill me now, save me from that lie Kill me now, I tired from that life All I want is bein' outside Baby can you try?
Cause I'm an only early bird, yeah "Im sorry" - tired hear that words, yeah Can you hear me for that time? I don't want you be mine I don't want hear your lie I want close my eyes, I want close my eyes Baby, what your price? Yeah, do you feelin' nice? I can't show my feelings like a Sai, let them fly
I love you any kinda way, just say what's on your mind I like dis one Trey 5-7 do a pussy nigga grimey, Magic Stay with the one like Hermione All of the kid on my tip like she tiny Probably the back of the hood's where you'll find me Trey 5-7 do a pussy nigga grimey, Magic Stay with the one like Hermione
All of the kid on my tip like she tiny Probably the back of the hood's where you'll blind me I ain't too faded but chances is high Plug on the white but I don't do the molly Billionaire women, I need it like cotton Money for cougars, I pay that bitch Stay with 40 cuz niggas be hatin' Run up, you ready, we leave your ass stanky
5 in the mornin' I'm out gettin' bacon Get 5 out your hole cuz I'm Abraham Lincoln from B that's my bro Hit that mama nigga you choke Old ass rappers gon' retire Ya I'm up in the court, you way up in the nosebleeds Love my BM but she nosey, I'm always out where the hoes be Live that sweet life like Mr. Moseby
Proud, taking tequila shots like Ginobili Probably the back of the hood's where you'll find me Probably the back of the hood's where you'll blind me Bet you never met a nigga like me 3500 on the sneaks Baby how could you give me in a week Black 45 if a nigga won't leave And it ain't that and it sure ain't this
They seek to seal my mind's eye... That I may not exist as, "I"... ....but rather, as a statistic... Overseas, I'm going through hell Shoulders deep, I drown in the well So it seems, I can't even tell Potpourrie, I'm hiding the smell Woe is me, I'm losing my self
Knowingly, I'm locked in a cell I can feel the pain, I can feel the pain I can feel the cold, I can't see the rain Think I lost my soul, I don't feel the same Think of letting go, you won't see me 'gain I can feel the pain, I can feel the pain I can feel the pain I can't see the rain, I can't see the rain
I can't see the rain, I can't see the rain I can't see the rain I can feel the pain I can't see the rain I'm just tryna figure out why I can't put shit to the side Everyday I cry 'Cause I put my heart in my grind
'Cause I put it all on the line But can't see so much as a sign God must be taking his time God must be taking his time I'm just tryna figure out why I can't put shit to the side Everyday I cry 'Cause I put my heart in my grind
'Cause I put it all on the line But can't see so much as a sign I can see the snow, I can't see the rain I can't heal a thing, I just feel ashamed I just lock 'em out, thoughts are still the same I done lost my mind to the the fallen time I give in to blame, I look at the razor ...I look at my life, think I might erase it
Nothing keep me going, mm Except for my girl and all my homie, mm 'cept for God music all my family, mm Tryna be all I can be but the weight of the world start to weigh in on me Outta touch, outta mind, outta sight Outta peace, outta faith, outta line On my knees, try ignore as hard I can but... Overseas, I'm going through hell
Shoulders deep, I drown in the well So it seems, I can't even tell Potpourrie, I'm hiding the smell Woe is me, I'm losing my self Knowingly, I'm locked in a cell But rather, as a statistic... As a sequence of letters... As a bee that serves a queen...
A man as betrayed by his lumbar spine Who pull up to the spot like, "I'll meet y'all inside I need like five" Corpse pose, staring at the moon Entirely on fire, Sciatica to boot I'm ready to be turned into soup Or shot into space, or squashed into cubes "Rate your pain level on a scale from one to ten"
All the hoes on deck All the hoes on deck, yeah Your boyfriend a lame, yeah that shit a shame I ain't saying names, nigga Yeah I'm with the gang Bitch we bring the pain, yeah Bitch I make it rain And I'm with your bitch, and your bitch she know my name
Bitch I ran the check up Bitch I ran this shit up And I know your bitch, she wanna fuck Bitch you know it, I'ma give it up Aye, yeah Sip drank, yeah I sip Wok My money, yeah it stack a lot My money, stack to the top
Bad bitch, shake ass a lot Bad bitch, she gon' fuck my crew Bad bitch, this lifestyle new Fuck that bitch Yeah, that bitch she new Ran it up Ran it up, its blue I got molly for your bitch, nigga
As economic stable pass Red stains in the grass Bits of organs on the grass See the deprecation mass As economic stable pass Reroute the main Unlock the door and release all the caines' Bite chunks out of your neck
I don't know how the fuck to feel I don't know what the fuck is real My secret problems, boutta seal All this shit seems so surreal One more step and you'll fucking meet death Keep talking your shit, suddenly your out of breath Getting on my good side shouldn't be a contest I don't know how the fuck to feel
I don't know what the fuck is real My secret problems, boutta seal All this shit seems so surreal Who the fuck are you? I don't seem to remember your name Your shit sounding lame as fuck You oughta be fucking ashamed Saying you 'quipped with that AR? Bluff
She dey do her body one kain Odeti gba level sara all night Baby yii jeka wa alright Cos odakpe oko mi tiwa online E be like say na kanji x4 Im sniping and piping, you go think say i be Wesley Wo idi rabata, wo boye fe bi wembley Tiba gba e mu, you go think say na wrestling
I just wan cum dey go so no stress meeee Eni wa ifa lon wofo If it ain't bout money jor kofo She just dey bussdown like thotiana Miley montana bi aunty hanna Jeka sare gba match ni corner One corner movement like omo Ghana Ye omo wobe, omo wobe
Sho ma won bball shomo kobe Jeki oju facedown kidi wohke I no wan soapy, i just want your body She dey do her body one kain Odeti gba level sara all night Baby yii jeka wa alright Cos odakpe oko mi tiwa online E be like say na konji x4
I can't beef with these bitches cuz they broke In a SRT hell cat you bitches slow, if I really had beef I'll drop bands on you bro, tell me which bitch Cuz I ain't sparing another hoe You bitches be some jokes sending shots in a rental I'm a stomp a hoe veneer she gone need some new dental All this bitches sentimental when it comes to this beef shit Word around town you been living on the street bitch
You are not a street bitch you weak, won't pop out on me Bitch I'm shooting 1st so you can never up on me, they wishing death on me Pussy ass hoe I got the check on me, never catch me by myself know I keep that tec on me Cocaine crazy white meat like a polar bear bum bitches can cross this line Broke niggas stay over there, y'all got the cooties I'm trying to bubble no jacuzzi, pull up in that vert clutching on that lil uzi An goofys never met never met so many people with excuses Causing confusion cuz they keep jumping to conclusions
That she the only one She the only one One one one I don't give fuck what you say Say it to my face I don't wanna hear shit but I got shit to say Speak your truth before you pray Looking at the sky and it's lookin really gray
Fuck you thought? Sold a lot of drugs and I don't get caught Level 99, D-don't use bots I don't like you guys a lot Fuck you thought? Sold a lot of drugs and I don't get caught Level 99, D-don't use bots I don't like you guys a lot
Bitch, you a onesie, we posted again Fuck you thought this is? My homies that's all the fam Boy you on some Sixteen Yea, I'm on my Bleeder strike I don't lead the seekers I ain't fucking with a leadership I don't wanna be stuck here
Is that a spider crawling on the window I need an answer, I don't even know though She want attention, fuck her on the GoPro She said she miss me, I just want a kiss though Is that a spider crawling on the window I need an answer, I don't even know though She want attention, fuck her on the GoPro Fuck her on the GoPro
And my wrist bleed bling Yeah, ayy, ooh, yeah, bitch And my wrist bling, yuh And my wrist bleeds bling I want more Ooh, ayy, yuh And my wrist bling, ooh And my wrist bleeds bling, ayy
And my wrist bling, bitch And my wrist bling, yuh And my wrist bleeds bling, ooh And my necklace bling And my wrist bleed bling, ooh And my pockets green, ayy You know what you seen, bitch I got shooters on my team, ooh
Had to up the beam , ayy Gave me top up in my car, ooh Bitch I am a star, bitch I might cop a Jaguar , ooh Do the dash and go far , ho Pop a green candy bar, ooh I'ma takeoff to Mars, bitch And my wrist bleeds bling, ooh
But if you do too much I gotta leave Aye, whatever works for you works for me I said whatever work for you gon work for me So if you do the two Ill do the three But if you do too much I gotta leave And if you do the most you gotta scream I'll be right here by your side until you leave I can't believe I can't believe no
And if you do the most you gotta scream I'll be right here by your side until you leave So grab a camera if you wanna make a scene I never hurt you but you hurt me bad I know I ain't perfect but you loved me back You gave me purpose kept my life on track Until we just derailed, ain't going back I'm so fucking sorry, spent my time on you
I remember when I'd give my life to you Now you became like everything we used to never do So if you do the two Ill do the three, damn It's too late I gotta go now It's too late I gotta slow down Said its too late for me to go back down Never been too late to take my love back now So if you do the two Ill do the three, damn
Yeah, double park that whip Double park that whip Double park that whip Prolly get addicted, turn these bitches into fiends Got your girl on kickstand with the way I make her lean, lean We don't do no double cups In that Aston Martin, doing donuts you can't fuck with us Only taking tens up to the crib so you can't come with us
Niggas living toxic now, there's no way I ain't done enough Yeah, she gone double text me right after I make her scream If she keep quoting all my old stuff I'm grown bitch, I'm blowing up Hold my cup, pour it up I took my whip back to the mechanic, it ain't low enough It need to kiss the floor and such, aye I throw it up, big V's, Hennesy
CO Team right next to me, its fuck all my enemies Rest in peace, told the plug that his bud wack Need to get your funds back Homies getting played and villains getting paid Then my phone rang told her that I had to leave Took my chain back, its somewhere I gotta be Made a bluff, said her box was like the lottery Hit it twice, then again, lucky twenty three
Ooh, Make your hair blow in the wind You don't gotta worry bout an ex boy friend Cuz I swear tonight is all about you and me Doing anything I can just to see you happy Cuz I swear tonight is all about you and me Doing anything I can just to see you happy Girl this is new to me Got nothing to prove to me
So don't worry bout losing me Stay by me know that I won't fold Take me now, my mind and soul When I met you I was cold I ain't never been that low, no no no But you gave me a new goal You melted away my snow Ooh, can we talk for a minute
Who the competition? Let's be honest I've been drinking and that liquor got me nauseous You been staring and I know you really want it Proceed with caution I'm with the gang and some ladies and we mobbin' I've been drinking and that liquor got me nauseous You been staring and I know you really want it Who the competition? Let's be honest
Proceed with caution Baby, can I hit it in the morning? I know I'm that feeling that you wanting Ain't no sense in fighting with your pride You can go and put that shit aside I know that you wanna show me things Trust me all I wanna do is see But you don't gotta to rush, take your time
Why these opps always lurking and watching my every move ,stay on the block like a prostitute Posted with trainer like Ash u know i gotta go blast Yo bitch is like squirtle she splash i'm gonna be on that ass Most of y'all niggas is trash, i feel incredible not talking dash I steady counting this cash, i'm feeling super i might have to smash AYE! i'm on a new level i gottaccatch em all I'm finna flex on yo hoe with my pokeball This ain't facebook but i might have to poke em all
"why don't you make a move?" don't you ask that, just keep talking out your ass That's exactly what I want, I'll keep it a buck Just wait for it any second I'm gonna bust No cap on that, full cowling in this punch 100% percent, I'll leave you in the dust I am the Sightseer - came to see you Fall to your death, I am always 10 steps ahead I study your moves, so I don't ever lose
Wrote it all down this notebook l got What am I gonna do? I'm always gonna plot Learn to be smooth, don't ever just pop off Keeping my cool to get the right shot off What is it you possibly think you can do when I got the upper hand? Coming at you with the Detroit Delaware Oklahoma Smash Smashing these villains with everything I got like damn Even if I don't want to, I'll use it if I have to One For All blast
You putting your footprints on it like your name was Rick James Gonna send you home, Your PG13, My name is Dame Beat ya ass like Attack On Titan, My Qurk be Lightning Like My Hero, We gonna be Fighting But I don't want problems, 99 already and I'm gonna have to solve'em I'm Kobe on the court, Those shots, yeah I fucking call'em I've been rapping In my momma's house I wouldn't be shit without her or my grandmama
That I love you so that I love you so much They don't know where I came from They don't know where I wanna go They don't know where I have been They don't know What I wanna do with my life Yeah yeah It's the ultimate question
Time to ask who am I ? Everyone thinks they're special under the same sky Every face carries a different story But we all forget about each other looking for glory Me don't listen to me me I'm just a guy But what if everything we believe in is just a lie Knowing that we would kill for it be willing to die Everyone is hiding chaos in an illusion of order
She said I don't wanna waste anymore time I wanna rip your clothes off do it with no days off Baby turn the lights off She said let's go ride to wherever you're tonight If you don't have a drive oh baby that's alright She said baby I'm not like these girls you knew before 'Cause baby we can walk and baby we can talk along the way About how we gonna play
I know that you want it too tonight it's just me and you I can see it in your eyes you a freak you a sinner And I bet you didn't have any dinner That's why you're looking at me like I'm something to eat A piece of meat? Don't try and build up the heat I'm already weak and you're just on fleek Yes I said it didn't bite my tongue Back and forth like ping pong
Everyday every week yes you're gonna become a geek Face to face cheek to cheek reach the peak Like King Kong hit the spot I make it go ding dong And if I think about it there's nothing wrong We are young we can do it baby all night long If you think about it there's nothing wrong Till the sunrise till the sun goes down Till the sunrise till the sun goes down
Sunrise till the sun goes down Till the moon shines till the stars come out Till the moon shines till the stars come out All I want is to stay with you She said I don't wanna waste anymore time I wanna rip your clothes off do it with no days off Baby turn the lights off She said let's go ride to wherever you're tonight
If you don't have a drive oh baby that's alright She said baby I'm not like these girls you knew before 'Cause baby we can walk and baby we can talk along the way About how we gonna play I know that you want it too tonight it's just me and you She said let's not waste time You're making me wait it's a crime She said now turn the lights off
Look closer you'll see If you look closer you'll see There's a universe fool of stars Don't be scared away by my scars Look closer you'll see If you look closer you'll see Hmmm hmmm It started like
Yeah I depression once ,yes me too Do you like artsy stuff? Yes I do Now the time passed here we are I love you boo But this one goes for all the suckers out there They all about the drama be looking like a Lhama Do it with no hands one punch you like Saitama Throw you like Genki Dama bomb you like Osama Changing the panorama get you to sleep real quick
Better get your pajamas be calling your momma Yeah I'm nice but I get as cold as ice Destroy without any guilt Watch my feelings go away if you compromise what I've built Yeah Inside of me there's a universe fool of stars There's a universe fool of stars Hmmm hmmm
Mothafuckers wanna talk with me now Wanna talk with me now? What the fuck you wanna talk with me now? Gonna need help yeah that would be dope Walked around and asked they was like no Gonna need cash there was not enough tho Everybody desperate everybody wanna blow up Blow down and everybody sink low
All that to generate cash flow Keep going that will be you death row Mimic everything you see and you think you're clever True to myself I'm gonna me forever Yeah I'm gonna be me forever Yeah you're the king back in your hometown Mothafuckass wanna talk with me now What the fuck you wanna talk with me now?
Sippin' yack then you smoke crack Wavin' the stack on a big sack Think that's what you do to be black Man you're just hazy lazy soft like a daisy But I can't talk I'm crazy, blow Bust back or run away with the asthma Can't see this high Q with a plasma Orgasmic I slay with the gasma
Fucked with so many beats I think I'm a Gigolo Gigolo, doesn't even make sense I'm gettin' lolo Fucked with so many beats I think that Imma Gigolo gettin' lolo, Gigolo Gigolo ridin' solo, Gigolo Gigolo gettin' lolo, Gigolo Grinding like a savage Didn't see the sun
You gon' have fun Class you don't have any Stress I ain't got none Problems yeah you got many All of them is with a bun I think that you should get a nanny Rest, me I'm never done No Neo feel like I'm the one
Wild west the son of a gun She said she wanna make a baby I said let's go and have a son Not talking about a lady I'm just trying to make a pun, yeah Since the day one that I've been ridin' solo Fucked with so many beats I think I'm a Gigolo Gigolo, doesn't even make sense I'm gettin' lolo
Fucked with so many beats I think that Imma Can you turn that shit up a little bit? I like that Imma go like Since the day one that I've been ridin' solo Doesn't even make sense I'm gettin' lolo Fucked with so many beats I think Imma Doesn't even make sense I'm gettin' lolo
Gigolo All of this a pleasure I don't need protection This is not sex Gotta confess That's how it feels when you're going trough Making progress Cleanin' out the mess
Don't spend too much time braggin' Bangin' on your chest If you can't even match Still tryna catch? Gave another step Everything is possible man With enough prep Yeah, since the day one that I've been ridin' solo
I like to eat that chick, she really damm thicc. Imma pull up with my clique, then im going to give her the dick Im a chicken kinda guy, i dont like turkey cause i find that it's way to dry. I cook in in the oven cause i dont like to deep fry I like them thicc cheeks, skinny shit is for the weak. Im a real man and like to put it in deep Im not a gangsta, i still got my viginity Im not a gangsta, i got so much masculinity Im not a gangsta, theres a car brand called infiniti I didn't grow up in the streets, My life was pretty easy 4 me, i still game a lot but now im making these beats My lyrics are fire, my friends are supportive of me, and u know what i like, i like a carrot on a stick
Got a bone to pick, with my old man Nick, cut to the quick, imma do a hat trick and give him the short end of the stick Im in my prime, livin in toronto with eastern daylight time, we barely got any crime in the summertime, now its bedtime Im not a gangsta, i just play video games Im not a gangsta, no one even knows my name Im not a gangsta, u know we ain't even the same I go to the drugstore, to get some meds for my whore, shes eighteen, ain't clean, acts like a wolverine There's still no vaccine, for COVID 19, messin up 2020 and its not even funny Now pay attention sonny, shop smart and save money online with Honey
Succiadda du sciu ca bolis pompai, bolis pompai, bolis pompai Succiadda du sciu ca bolis pompai, bolis pompai, bolis pompai Itta e...oh nenne...ta ses fe...schellelle Itta e...oh nenne...ta ses fe...schellelle A chini ta posta, a trasse supposta, stasira da dengu, attipp ale gusta Chi bosi bi su cazzu immoi ti du fazzu abiri Candu du pigasa du ciccasa in dogni...einzandu bai ca du pigasa, bai ca Gia succiasa
Bai che ti struppiasa commenti spruzzara Piganne un attru, pare a pappaculu, oppuri ti du fazzu bai torrai in su Cunnu NOOOO Ta cazzu no, a bon migo, ponidi unu tappu e fammi unu ponc Su giogu non accabbara po custa notti Chi benis a mamma mia ti fazzu coddai sa morti Mo cittidi e spostadi, piga sa pompa e sciaquari
Abetta brutta brettedda, tira a casi che mi fumu una sigaredda Commenti accabbu ti da studu in sa udda Poniri do inanti, succia gia e nudda RIT: Immoi deu ti du fazzu abi Deu chi ni seu, ti du fazzu asci Basadda in punta e cittidi Itta dennis? tenni da di coberri, non zerristi...cesti genti ascuttendi
Sa penna a pisci mannu fattu Mi pigasa a scallon, non ti deppisi offendi Eehh..itta ses nendi? ca seu caghineri? Spesarindi, ca deppu puru benni...la che mi seu incazzendi, aio movi ca Tengu pressi Ma meda pressi, non stressis, faeusu in trebessi Pierci ascuttami...mo debressi, ponidi debressi li RIT:
Immoi deu ti du fazzu abi Deu chi ni seu, ti du fazzu asci Basadda in punta e cittidi Deu coddendi...issa gridendi...e iscalloneddusu pendi pendi E goppi? d'appu biu pattendi a monti, e fissu incasinau arrochi du coddi Calloni!! deppiasta benni a ponni..ceee cussu che ti ses perdiu, cessu! Pitticcu su spassiu, femmu fissu arrettu, coddendi a trevessu Su presciu, in cussu loghu pudesciu
Tra prasciu, su poppu senza ghindor!! E poi tu du doppiasta bi, po garidadi non c'e nudda ri Chi cussa esti una burri, o su piccioccu salvadi! Ne benniu goppi, unu fraghe topi, a trasse borchi, buffendi corchins E sa piscedda ses movendi e cussa intru fiada scoppiendi..eeh Fille bagassa sci, du sciemmu chi coddara strattallara Secundu me no torra abi, mo zacca strada e CoddaOut Me La fitti fitti, si e sfrattalatta, l ha silurata...sfrattatatta
They don't know a thing they got no clue Wanna know me but they just don't wanna know you From another planet like I'm goku And it all started back in 02 Niggas want beef I got tofu Niggas snitching in these streets like them hoes do Ain't nobody tell me what i won't do When I'm with my clique it's a whole crew
I'ma get rich I just told you Bitch I need that rarri when I pull off Sipping on that lean until I cool off Pray that I go overseas and take the top off And i kinda feel like I'm on pluto When I'm in this bitch I'm like naruto Want the rarri 'cause we started in the UNO I might be the greatest in it who knows
Bitch I'm feeling low-key And I'm with my broskis All you niggas better know me I'm a new man fuck the old me I might take your sister and your hoe too They don't know a thing they got no clue Wanna know me but they just don't wanna know you From another planet like I'm goku
Zoom, zoom , zoom , zoom zoom , zoom zoom zoom Zoom zoom , zoom ,zoom , zoom , zoom, zoom , zoom Aye you already know i'm bout to zoom Choppa to your dome yeah that nigga gone Yeah that nigga a hoe i gotta hella hoes calling my phone Niggas tryna run up no i gotta 40 that nigga bout to get blowned I got some for the opps niggas think they like that nah Forty on me that's the thought
You were talking about this and you were talking about that You felt free like a bird but you were caged like a bat You ain't talking about life and you ain't talking about no girl You we're talking about obligations making your head swirl Ur a warrior Nothing's stopping you Yeah you fight for what's right And I swear you will make through You are needed on this earth and since birth you were cursed Just like naruto That curse gave you thirst
She said He said this and He said she said that That Was never on your interest cuz you thought it all was whack Yeah you planned from the start you would never ever fold They were busy ageing but you always aimed for gold They said capture the moment and you knew that was true But what about tomorrow life wants a payment too They say keep it real and never lie But we're loved for lying And then one day just die
Pump it up Pump it Pump it up Pump it Pump it up Pump it Bring it real close let me hump it My music bangs bitch it be thumpin' Steady steady grindin' for the money Paper chasin' shit that's my hobby
High as a mofuckin' kite Speedin' on the highway Gettin' things my way, bitch that's the right way This way that way You know what spend that shit Pump it up Pull out my shotty and i pump it I aim and it goes bang bang bang bang boom
I said I'm illest You know I'm the realest I go in the kitchen I cook eggs on the skillet Then i go to room, stare at the broom Pick up my keys And i go vroom vroom vroom Rest the case, you love the chase
Go to the plane fly away, go to the plane, fly away Go to the plane everyday and fly away You know how do we say And then the plane land, and it boards The plane at Schiphol, I am bored Plane, we gonna go to the plane Go to the plane fly away, go to the plane, fly away Yeah, we now in the plane, yeah
It's not my fault, I can't change his visions Every time I talk, It bothers my existence Every time you talk, It's from the distance Everything the same, Goodbye n Good Riddance It's not at all, your fault I'm different They will see me fall, it's not consistent Got me feeling like, my heart's so twisted You my antidote, I'm your coefficient
It's tennis time Get ready to made a racket Come on y'all Hey youngster Yeah? Grab that racket man I got it Let's get it
Toss it up, serve Volley, slam Volley, slam 15 love Love means zero Toss it up, serve Forehand Backhand
Forehand SMASH! Fifteen all Um, I need a fresh ball Here you go Come on! come on Now, toss it up, serve Slice with a backspin, long
Overhand, roll for some top-spin long, overhand Hey nice job You know what I mean Turn it up Now, toss it up, serve Fault Agh try again Double ball Aw man
30 all Out of bounds 30-40 Stop the game My tennis shoes are dirty Brush, brush, brush brush brush Slice for some backspin, forward with some topsin Slow mo Volley, smash
He know I'ma rock his world He want me to be his girl He know I'ma rock his world I do not fuck with no small fries Your nigga be sendin' me heart eyes Had to snatch that boy up, now he's mine He got his own, don't need mine I look good with no makeup - check that
And I look even better naked - bet that I'm hoppin' off and on a plane, I got jetlag When I touch down, baby, where the neck at? I'm just waitin' on that where you at text, man I'm always greater, I can never be less than He like it when I get on top And ride him like a Harley, Harley I could buy me Fendi and Chanel
I'm just gonna try to be me Keep it triple o, triple o, triple og) I'm just tryna fit in with the new game Miss me with the bullshit you all the same I'm just gonna try to be me Keep it juggalo triple o, triple og Blaze and I'm back with the hot shit For your ear holes or the shit that is not it
Make it clear bro I am not with the new kids I'm focused stay up on me Not concerned with what you did I'm a deadite with a dead face I'ma raise hell I'ma dark cloud In the bright skys from the old spell The king is back crown em up an bow down That's a fact eternity I've been around
Ain't nothing different they say I'm extra Explicit and focusing on my business An backhanding all these bitches um You bitches kill me 2 phony 2 ever feel me 2 lonely 2 ever really be down with family Silly psycho bullet holes for enemies an hoes I'ma remain a juggalo triple o, triple o I done seen people come into fame overnight
An the loosest of the loose telling people That they tight I'm just tryna fit up in the new game Miss me with the bullshit you're all the same I'ma keep tryna be me Keep it triple o, triple o, triple og I'm just tryna fit in with the new game Miss me with the bullshit you all the same
Ma, you're more than a dime, you're like a roll of quarters Your shit's in order, purer than a dozen of bottled waters Make me wanna just kinda wanna see ya longer than normal Kinda wanna support her, sorta love up on her Kissin', touchin', you feel it when you rub up on her Kinda feelin' like she want me to put the lovin' on her Now everything 'bout this feel good, let's put it all in order Ain't tryna rush it, but it's hard to fight this any longer
I ain't tryin' to fight it, but I'm sayin' See, I don't even know what's happenin', shit is makin' me bug It feels good, but I wish I knew what it was 'Cause, look here Don't keep me waitin' for too long, girl Come through, take it off, let's get it on, girl Too long I've been messin' with the wrong girl
And if I make a mistake, you help me correct it, ma, I'm with you You know how I want it, girl Let me just take your mental through motions around the world And when it's most essential, I love how you make it work And with the most potential, I hope that you never hurt, I hope you see it Baby girl, you're my greatest supporter And while I talk about us, I give 'em another scorcher And when they walk around us, we stand up in front the altar
And let's rewrite our history standing in front the altar, know we need it While I'm lookin' at you, I'm sippin' a Malta And every time we be together, the temperature warmer You know I'm tryin', but You see, this candle here for us, and I'm lightin' it, baby Come on with me, look here Baby girl, you're someone and then you know I gotta get it And I'm comin' and I'm runnin' and I'm gunnin' for that love
Pusta je staza koracima da mene uzmu dvaput Prepreku za zivot preko rijekom prekoracim Kom je rijec za srecu nedovoljna neka opet pati Shvacaju me doslovno da samo znanje vlada sad Nema kod njih rijeci pa se raspravljaju sakama Dan i noc povezana, a vrijeme ne zna razlog Razlike su vidljive, vidim i papire Kod vas novce, kod nas ispunjene rijecima sto pisem
Polako znatizeljni, probat cete svi to jednom Drugaciji od glasnijih kad to je zivot preko Preko di repom sve postavim ko vlastiti dekor Glasovir lego sa poetom i bassom da preko U postelji mekoj sanja glasom ko Picasso flekom Olovkom ko tekmom prohujo tekom da odem rego Placem za Brejkom, bekovi mi krvare Zigosan digo san, vjerujem beatu kaj fura me
Kaj je? Dodajte lektoru da provjeri Petorica preko, ostajete voajeri Zivim preko, od stvarnoga zivota miljama daleko Preko, jer sna se nikada nisam odreko Preko, vodio me kada bih lego I mi mocimo lice, al ne vidis od kapuljace Vi ste htjeli Gospu, mi i rep da nam se ukaze Zivili za preko, cekali svjetla da ugase
Budili te snove jos od pikula i ljuljacke Da njega nema tu prema njemu jaho bi Digo koplje za pleme nacrtano ko vlakovi Preko stvaro zivot, ljubio ko dijete S Valarom ubio zlobu vjestice sa metle Ocekuj ga ko sapat kad ga braca vrate natrag A savjest pece ko vatra jer ste napadali nasu narav I necu plakat, laganini preko
Mi cemo olovkom, a vi oblekom Zamagljen u magli, a gledam odsjaj i cistinu Cisti zivot istog prizora, reprize sve od nikud Nestali su snovi jos sa Kuerom i Valarom Kad budni smo bez sna, a patnja gora nego pakao Nista! Stani, od samoce nema izlaza Zalazim zauvijek u zivot preko gdje i miran sam Probat cete svi to jednom, skinite si osmijeh
Tesko te je gledat kad te kradu Zagreb grade Ne znam koga pitat kada treba primit savjet Jer iskrenije mi zvuci kad mi to dode od mame Pozdrav reda radi kad se vidimo na cesti Kad umiremo polako zivot voli radit vijesti Istina je ljudi, otisli su dobri Kuda nas to vodi? Postat ce navika Da slikaju za duplericu kolone za Caritas
Trebamo to mijenjat, al nema nam ko pokazat Vlas voli narod kada treba za njih glasat Cuvaju fotelje jer fino je biti gazda Zivi se bez Boga, al sve ce se vratit nazad Istina je - odavno nista ne valja Istina je - tu svaka rijec je prevara Kad zivot boli trazis ga, al ti nece stvorit Istina je - odavno nista ne valja
Istina je - tu svaka rijec je prevara Kad zivot boli trazis ga, al ti nece stvori Dajemo si ruke kad u njima cuci novac Krademo i druge jer svako ga zeli probat Istina je takva, ljudi vise nisu isti Da se pokvari svijet sine vec dugo se brine biznis Ne znas kako dalje, to te boli kad si mlad Al kada toliko vidis to niti ne zelis znat
Gledamo se drukcije ko da se tako mora Samo bogati prestignu pravdu jer je za njih spora A takvi kaj imaju najvise braco bune se A mi igramo ragbi sa tempom zivota ulice Niko nema vjere, al fino im stoje krunice Oko vrata dok pol Hrvata odlazi u ludnice Ja se drzim muzike da ostanem u igri Bezobrazno sa stilom, na njihov nacin u biti
Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, smoking big boofy to the facey, uh oh Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, Chopper don't have no safety, ba ba baaa Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, fuck you bitch and pay me, uh oh Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, fuck you bitch and pay me I won't walk through unless you pay me I don't want that hoe cuz that hoe want my baby My Glock a QB like fuck a safety Ate a pound of shrooms got me feeling crazy
I can't rock with you, you don't work and you lazy Sippin' Actavis like that shit not discontinued See them niggas right there, if you try me they will end you Been running with the same gang gang gang gang don't do this shit for fame Even though i don't, you still gon' know my name, you still gon' know my name Been running with the gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang If you wasn't in the trap we can't hang hang hang hang we can't bang bang bang bang He say he hate me, that chopper don't have no safety, uh ohhh
Yea! x2 Raised by the internet Ha, aha, ha ha ha, haha I love you crasho! How many hoes broke my heart too many Im going to put my lil bih in fendi How many hoes in the dms like many And i count up green but i don't go to hendi
This girl thinks she can end me Im with your hoe with a happy ending He want a feat but no im not lending Im with the boys and we full sending And she wanna rock with the gang Lil hoe no no way I wanna go away With my hoe and my cash today
We gonna hit him hard in the face Glock nine and you know it gon spray We leaving that boy in his feelings ok i think that boy real gay Ah x2 Aha! x5 Yea yea yea Yeah ha! Aha! x3
Keep on calling I'm not picking up Blowing me up like I give a fuck Watch how I switch it up If you got a problem with me speak up Designer on my sneakers You bitches still stuck in the bleachers Let me kick my feet up Keep on calling I'm not picking up
Blowing me up like I give a fuck If you got a problem with me speak up Designer on my sneakers You bitches still stuck in the bleachers Let me kick my feet up Niggas ain't ready for the switch up Nigga come pick yo bitch up Gettin money make me wanna get up
Never made me feel all better Even though you stole my sweater Last september... Trying really hard but i can't forget her Take a couple pills i dont wanna remember Sip a couple drink i never feel better A bullet to my head is the only thing That will relieve this pressure
This, this pressure... This, this pressure I dont wanna live like this again I lose my mind every now and then I feel sso trapped in my own skin And lonileness is my only friend And damn i thought you would be different But it turns out ur just ignorant
You're so damn ignorant I look back and you pretend That you dont see me... I call back but ur with him It drives me crazy... You broke your promise to me Never made me feel all better Even though you stole my sweater
Going through this, so I mean it, aye Fazo FG Everybody got that one person that they love You can't even lie about it, you can't even shrug I been having a hard time expressing my love Ain't fearing myself anymore it's enough I told my baby it's enough She stayed by my side when them times got ruff
She could a left me, she's the plus I'm the dub She ain't see me as a scrub so she scrubbed All of that dirt off me, that's not how I raised that not a part of me Ain't scared to tell anyone that I'm wrong and shit But I wanna make this shit right You stayed by my side I wanna stay in yo life Baby I don't even care bout the price You got my heart on lock, Baby read my rights
I don't wanna go to the left when you right I don't wanna live all my life without light If I was in baseball I would have a strike I'm telling you that she can leave by your side And that's the only one that's gon' ride I know she stay on your mind, and you don't even wanna mind it I know that my one is the baddest and finest Put a crown on her head now she my highness
That's my Queen Mhm It's a lot of love stories They should all go out the same With a happy ending, so don't give up on the one you love And for niggas out there trying her wrong Betta' tighten that shit up, cause she gon' leave yo ass If she the right one for you
I'm not a shooter but nigga I'm certified I'm a regular nigga like I'm Mordeci You can try me nigga you gon' die Fazo FG I don't wanna say too much like a Ted Talk He not gon' be saying much inna headlock He a shoot a nigga then cut his dreads off I'm a tell all of yall niggas yall better keep all the same energy
Next thing, I'm at the top and none of yall niggas invented me Im cleaning the rap game nigga like Lysol All yall niggas need to knock it off System always tryna lock my niggas up If they knock em' down I'm a get em' up You not a real nigga so you can't sit with us Queen Latifah nigga I'm just gon' Set It Off If you throw me the pack nigga, I'm a get it off
If I can serve you once, I can serve you twice Long as the muthafuckin' money right I'm not a shooter but nigga I'm certified I'm a regular nigga like I'm Mordeci You can try me nigga you gon' die Run Up! You just gon' get stole like a bike I been blowing up just like dynamite I don't gotta steal no more fuckin bikes
"World War 3 is beginning to trend on social media" "We have therefore made the assessment that COVID-19 can be characterized as a pandemic" "The situation here in Santa Monica, California, is very fluid. You can see police here now firing-" "They chant the name of the man whose death in Minneapolis has triggered this unrest. "George Floyd!" "This year has been a complete nightmare, and to be honest, I don't see how it could get any worse" Oh, trust me, it definitely can Fall asleep, bitch, nighty night, bitch I'll see you in a couple minutes, you'll be dead, bitch
Run and hide, bitch, try to fight, bitch When I grab you by the throat you'll need a big stitch, oh Fall asleep, bitch, nighty night, bitch I'll see you in a couple minutes you'll be dead, bitch Run and hide, bitch, try to fight, bitch When I grab you by the throat you'll need a big stitch, oh Better grab your night light, and better shine it real bright Try and stay awake like Cosby's victims' quaaludes inside
Fright night's in sight, Freddy's here to do you right I will make your bed rock like Flintstones in a fight Die, bitch, scream and cry, bitch But that ain't just it, no, here's the best bit, oh I used to kill before I died 'cause it's fun, bitch, woah Now die, bitch, scream and cry, bitch They ask why I like to kill, it's revenge, bitch But that ain't just it, no, here's the best bit, oh
I used to kill before I died 'cause it's fun, bitch, woah 2020's hitting right, got the people terrified Time for me to tell you Trump just won by a landslide If that ain't a petrifying nightmare, I resign I'll hand Trump my glove if his fingers reach the inner line Now I got a Karen yelling at me, she's so forthright Telling me to keep my politics off this damn site Someone keep her happy, tell her Karen's right
Now stick that bitch in the oven, 400 degrees Fahrenheit That's just another victim I'll keep on the inside The screams of all your souls scar my chest like an ammonite Every kill, every line, I remember every flinch Hey, Jennifer, welcome to prime time, bitch One, two, Freddy's coming for you Got my own lullaby to make you snooze 'Cause once you drift off, and you're in my world
I can do whatever I want to you Three, four, what's a dream without gore? My glove ain't just to look pretty, it's much more Five, six, stabbed and chopped to bits, blood, and guts galore Now won't you die, bitch, scream and cry, bitch So die, bitch, scream and cry, bitch But it's always the same, there's one that gets away Ain't that right, Jay?
I never thought I would think about another woman I think about my mom some days Since she passed, I'll never be the same All she wanted was to protect me But those teens let me drown in the lake And then that girl swung her machete Tears stream down my broken face She's the one that got away!
But no, not today! You ain't gonna get away! From my machete! You ain't gonna get away! Crickets click under the thick sole of my boot Crushed on my way to find the one that got away If a teen female is in close proximity She'll be bleeding heavily and not 'cause she's late
If she doesn't resemble the other it doesn't matter To me they all look the same Boy, girl, white, black, young, old, here's a fact You all bleed the same This started as revenge But I think I'm developing a taste For the one that got away She's the one that got away
I will be your friend 'til the end 'Til then I will have to pretend Every time, that I try You escape, run and hide Andy we'll be friends to the end, I'm a good guy I'm coming for you kid you're so dead, Andy don't cry I know you think that you can defend, go ahead try I need to get you all to myself, yeah you're all mine
Andy you can run for your life Always right behind with a knife Only kidding Andy you'll die Andy this is taking too long I had to get the kid that was strong Think you got away but surprise Sorry kid but you won't survive Every time, that I try
You escape, run and hide Andy we'll be friends to the end, I'm a good guy I'm coming for you kid you're so dead, Andy don't cry I know you think that you can defend, go ahead try I need to get you all to myself, yeah you're all mine Andy you can run for your life Always right behind with a knife Only kidding Andy you'll die
Everyone is out just for themselves And would stop at nothing to get what they want They don't care who gets caught in the crossfire Look at the lengths people will go to, to get money Then try to tell me that people aren't the root of all evil They say that money is the problem But that couldn't be further from the truth Just open your eyes and you'll see the proof
People are the root of all evil Everyone is out just for themselves And would stop at nothing to get what they want They don't care who gets caught in the crossfire Their actions are reckless and brutal In this world, you've gotta have eyes in the back of your head I ain't trying to depress, I'm just being truthful Keeping your wits about you in this world is crucial
Addiction and an evil mind Are what you call a lethal combination There is no cure, there is no solution Destroying lives for something That has no value People overvalue money and they undervalue human life Their actions are reckless and brutal In this world, you've gotta have eyes in the back of your head
Hah Oh, for real? They said Rico put a ten piece in her grill I been movin' how I want, fuck how you feel Yeah I was taught to feel how I feel, keep it real Diamonds wet, they shockin' bitches, neckpiece like an eel Niggas said I'm actin' different since I got a deal
I just think I'm eatin' different, more food for the meal No more Happy Meals, just champagne cheers I used to not have fans, now I fill up fields Bought a new house, but I need me a buildin' I can't stop until I'm makin' me a billion No Amine, we reel in Any bitches fishin' and seekin' out for attention Geekin' in the mentions
Please don't make me have to smack a bitch Ooh, I been itchin' They said Rico put a ten piece in her grill I been movin' how I want, fuck how you feel Yeah I'm making money smoothies, blend it up, I'm steady mixin' Like I got the ball, go to the mall and they steady blitzing They wanting pictures and they wanna know just how I'm living
Creating these anxietites, it's like I raised an army But even if I die slow at least you know that I was ready Alchohol, tobacco, riding in a black and chevy Everywhere that I go, you can tell my heart is heavy Life is like an outro, except for all my lyrics messy I'm stuck in distant places, where there's no visitation when you all love yourself then you just ask yourself for patience I'm lost with information, about if love will make it I hope you love being you cause everyone is taken
Yeah And at the end of the day, when the headphones come off, I got nothing to say It's like my mind goes blank, when those headphones come of, I got nothing to say God I'm in a panic don't piss your panties I kiss the planet, I guess I'm smoking Spanish with Miss. Atlanta because it's gigantic I don't wanna hear it so set the fan up and learn to can it We would've pushed us in if we didn't man it I guess I'm manic We can do this on site ain't nobody ever know If you want it done right, you would do it on your own
So if you wanna chase light but you wanna throw stones I remember being homeless being told to go home Whoa give the time to grow nothing's ever been for sure except the fact I'm about to blow I get everything right but they still tell me no If I blew up overnight well then there wouldn't be a show Woah Everything different I'm on prescriptions that battle with my ego but I'm always feeling distant Hey
Lost it, I might die from all this hardworking Exhausted, and don't lie to me I swear, I know I'm not shit Feel alive whenever I am in the moshpit, but I'll admit that I made her care for nothing, I made her care for- aw, no I made her care for nothing, I made her care for- aw, no I'm trying to breathe, all that suits me Nothing to see, fuck memories
D-D-Div, don't do it to 'em Mmm, mmm 500 hours, I've been up in this bitch, nigga Yeah, bitch, ayy, yeah 500 hours, mmm Still ain't been sleep, PTSD Bitch, don't stress me Ho, you must'n leave before shit get messy
Said "Why I gotta leave after you undressed me?" Wouldn't save a ho if she broke her elbow Nigga hit my phone talkin' tough, oh hell no First of all, nigga, what the fuck you yell for? Secondly, question be, do you know who you yellin' at? Tell him that Comethazine blew his melon back I smoke Thrax, you inhale on a Reggie pack Bet you probably wonder, "How does he know that?"
Pumpkin guts Butcher knife Precision cuts Fuck your life, your shit, it sucks Owe the world a million bucks and you don't got a dime, or the time to be wasting You don't follow through, that's hesitation If it is a face-lift Tell me how much sweeter will the taste get
Sugar in the blood you can taste it, lick Fork tongue out the jagged smile Teeth like a crocodile Patiently been waiting for more than a little while Never been divine Feel brain washed and it's so surreal I don't wanna deal, deal I just wanna peel like a banana gotta hand on my pi steal
Taken for granted gotta live with the end still God damn it why do good men kill My planet and we don't make deals No standin' with the snakes or eels Cause panic to the brainwash guild I'm not a member and I hate y'all still Not a forgetter an when I climb that hill Dine, Dine, kill the mind
Sinful lust, pin ya lies Upon yo face, plate jagged lines Fake ya smile, synthesized No way out, diligently Walk that path, sympathy Is null and void, so much noise Where's your poise, got to see Study long, study wrong
Focus smeared, sing ya song Attach ya feelings, praise the clones And you're not free till you stand alone Save yo life, sacrifice No advice till you see the light Poltergeist, what's the price Tell me is it ok to walk in that zone Tell me is it ok to walk in that zone
I said, "I'm doin' great" She said, "I know that's a lie, I can see it in your face" I wish that I could stay but I should prolly run away Cuz the only thing I bring you is the pain that's in your brain Look up at the stars, the way they shine right through And the purple night sky it reminds me of you Baby you ok? You lookin' kinda grey Another bowl of poison just to ease away the pain
Baby you ok? Your pigment's gone away Is it the thought about my pain and how I feel it everyday Baby just you lay with me I'll make you feel ok And I promise if you hold me close my pain will go away The smell of your perfume got me goin' kinda crazy And the taste of your lips got my head spinnin' lately She said, "baby how you been?" I said, "I'm doin' great"
She said, "I know that's a lie, I can see it in your face" I wish that I could stay but I should prolly run away Cuz the only thing I bring you is the pain that's in your brain Look up at the stars, the way they shine right through And the purple night sky it reminds me of you She said ,"baby you ok?" I said, "I'm bouta run away" I can't take it anymore I think might just go insane
I wish that I could fly I would just touch the sky I wish she didn't cry makes me just wanna die And I wish that all this pain in my brain would just go away I wish I could rewind to the days you were mine I can't get her out my head cuz she's stuck on my mind And I just wanna die so I'll go for a drive Man I wish I could rewind I would go back in time I promise I would treat you better girl I'd treat you right
Someday I'll feel better I can't forget you if I try I wish that I could fly I would just touch the sky I wish she didn't cry makes me just wanna die And I wish that all this pain in my brain would just go away I can't get her out my head cuz she's stuck on my mind And I just wanna die so I'll go for a drive Man I wish I could rewind I would go back in time I promise I would treat you better girl I'd treat you right
Billionaire dollar crib, stadium, theatre Personal ball cleaner, the closet's all Gators I'm eating this Southern Fried Chicken fuck you nigga on me my nigga Straight outta Compton! Crazy motherfucker named Redfaze these gentlemen the fuck up outta here if they try to kill me I'm bout to shoot me a motherfucker today! im put a life down my kid life juice only pick up the weed up fuck up the volume mother fucker im a ghetto I said that I'ma ride for my motherfuckin' niggas Most likely I'ma die with my finger on the trigger i got 3-1-0 9-3-4 8-6-1-6 I got a missed call from your bitch "But if you ever need a place to stay" "Well, alright, y'all" "Brothers and sisters"
"But if you ever need a place to stay" "Well, alright, y'all" "Brothers and sisters" Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me, G fuck it please god loose up in there now I'm the fuckin' man, y'all don't get it, do ya? I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, nigga It's a shame, you chose the dope game Now you slang 'caine on the streets with no name It was plain that your aim was more 'caine
Kill me, throw me to my enemy's They got a way, taking over me I wish someday there's some hope in me Sitting alone in my bedroom No one was there checking on you Everyone thinks your alright, cool Too much to handle it kills you I know the pain, I've been there to
I know the pain, I've been there to Im gonna make visions come true Can you please wipe out my memory Kill me, throw me to my enemys They got a way, taking over me I wish someday there's some hope in me Sitting alone in my bedroom No one was there checking on you
Everywhere just Dey light up e yoo And all the young boys and girls demma ask me why me I just Dey glow, ah Cos Jah bless the boy, you know it I'm all about that kingdom biz, you know it So if you see me in your city, that's the reason why me Dey glow, oh African church boy You know that drip is a must, boy Say wake up, let me get a phone for the pictures
Raised up, Philly boy, home of the Sixers Chruch boy, how I got a whole lot of wisdom Ding dong Dixie, with a little bit of Mischief picture Choir boy sing without a system Umi had me listen to the songs from Commission Kindness, Bible studies taught us from the scriptures Winans, everybody knew just when it hits stores Now, Gospel on the radio
I was aiming for another ride Took my lessons and kept to the side Say nada, you wrecking ball I heard that you're from another time Take me with you, I don't wanna die They said you came to save us You seen the cases? The rate's up You must have room on your back for most of us
Hope you enjoy the trip Yeah Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm up in that cat with lil Kat, we gon' spend a rack We up into Saks, I can't lack, Cleezy on my back And that lil' boy, he wack, we gon' get him tagged Just came back from China, I got jetlag
*cough cough* I'm sick, no Corona No Thugger Thugger, my brother a stoner Character driven, you know I am the owner Chopper gon' hit him now he is a donor I'm in the front of the 'Vette with Lil Fazo And you in the back of that little Corolla Talking all tough on the internet, we just gon' pull on your block, make that lil' boy go hush I gotta get to this bag, money ain't slow, but you know that I'm in a rush
I am not going out sad, biting my flow, and you know that shit is just tough Now we popping them tags on designer clothes 'cause you know that shit is a must Run to the bag, okay, okay, I'm shooting like Kobe when I'm in the clutch She telling me to come over 'cause she like the way that I hit it, damn, hitting it rough You wanted smoke, we got XD's, we shoot at your lungs and that shit ain't gon' feel like a puff You said that you want some problems and then we gon' pull to your block and we know it's a bluff Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah yeah Uh huh uh huh Uh huh uh huh Why are people so fake I can't deal wit em and they wicked ways They talkin shit behind my back but won't say it to my face My question is why are people so fake Yeah Why are people so fake
I can't deal wit em and they wicked ways They talkin shit behind my back but won't say it to my face My question is why are people so fake You was just talkin stuff about me Word of mouth you mumbling Rumors in the air I hear yo mouth you keep on runnin it I'm on some old school shit got to avoid all the gossip In these streets if they catch you gonna look like the running man
Awww man I done did it again They throwing jabs at ya boy But I keep on takin a win Check yourself cause when I check ya boy I'm takin ya wind I thought ya parents taught you better that gossiping is a sin I don't care if you don't like me just bring real Not here to please you or nobody else
That's just how I feel I gotta thank God for him healing my soul Aye man you know how it goes answer this question I can't deal wit em and their wicked ways My question is Yah these niggas counterfeit Steady running out they lips Always talk what they ain't did
I know dat ain't what it is I got hitters wit the shit I could put one on yo head All I do is press send They pull up where you live Then they airing out the vents Keep blower on da hip For these niggas who ain't real
We call shots like running drills If you ain't wit da click we on you helm Cuz real is all I handle Can't fuck wit none of these randoms Why I ain't got now friends now Cuz niggas do you scandal Bitches do you dirty like the bottom of they sandals Gotta keep uh stick inside the window like the bando
No we don't fuck wit fakes Come on say it to my face Stitched lip Never snitch Do no talkin round no jakes Got the mower for grass So dat we can see snakes And the question never asked
Shawty want some mo', she just can't seem to keep her knees closed I don't want a valentine, I just want Valentino I just want the neck, I poke her face like a casino Deep throat, know I get it in like a free throw Shawty want some mo', she just can't seem to keep her knees closed I'm still fly when I wear Robin's wings, I can't stay in one place Russian Creams in my rocket ship, we go to outer space Blast off, blast off, see the stars up in the Wraith
Ooh I'm too alive The B.S, I Just put that to the side Hungry but the money can't fulfil my appetite Running to the money's how I get my Exercise, yeah, yeah Everything fell into place yeah I plant the seed watch it grow, ayy Don't know why they do the most Now I'm flying cross the coast
Is only me and my bros Tryna sell out at the garden Watch me pull up to the show like Don't you kill my vibe when I'm in my zone Watch them all go wild when they sing my song I got em singing along Hop on a flight to the west in the morning And now I'm off the leash they never gon' control me
You make assumptions but you really do not know me You wish the best but don't just talk you gotta show me Stayed 100 never changed up And they watched how I moved And I'm comin through, too fly Bitches say I'm too smooth Yeah, I ain't tryna be rude, naw Countin' bands like ooh, ahh
If you snooze you lose, yah Yeah, I'm double parked inside the lane stopped Thinkin' thinkin' bout a new Glock I'm thinkin' thinkin' bout a new watch And designer kicks from the shoe spot I pray to God I never change, yeah Bumpin' Uzi in the rain, yeah My trap jumpin' out the frame, yeah
Baby I'm off the drank I'm slidin' and I'm floating Got so much money in my pocket it's not folding You fucked my bitch that's not my bitch 'cause that's my old thing And now I'm off the leash with no one to control me, no no Good music good gas too And I'm flyin' right past you I'm a king in my castle Countin' money from my last moves
Where I'm from you know cash rules Rule one is don't trust dudes I was broke but now I'm up I'm feelin brand new But still I'm solid no you'll never catch me folding Global Gang, Global Gang in this bitch AzN Yeah Bitch
Play with my heart and told me it's too bad And then you hit me up I'm tryna talk, you told you hit you back It's crazy how you drive me brazy I think I finally met my match I try to let my mind navigate me And end up bringing me right back I've been falling in the deep end
You've been giving me no reason But I've been drowning in and sinking Falling in the deep end I've been falling in the deep end You've been looking for a reason But I've been crawling in and reaching, ooh Falling in the deep end, deep end, deep end Falling in the deep end, deep end, deep end
Falling in the deep end, deep end But you want what you want But how come I always want you bad? It's brazy how you drive me crazy I think I finally met my match I know that this ain't how my mama raised me But I done got too attached You've been giving me no reason
But I've been drowning in and sinking You've been looking for a reason To dive in all up in the deep end Falling, yeah Falling, yeah It's crazy how she drive me brazy You saying you don't want to see me And then you keep looking bad
Envy and jealousy, rage, and some other emotions I blow Higher I go Putting my feelings on float, cold cause my diamonds is froze Shows after shows Hoes after hoes after hoes Hoes after hoes after shows Bare fake hails, haven't seen you in a minute Bare snakes slithering around, I can feel it
Feel the energy when I step in the building Now, especially, cause a nigga really winning Used to catch the bus, hours early beat the rush I been in the gym before the lights came up Niggas talk shit, I don't really give a fuck It's hard to look down when your pockets looking up Envy and jealousy, rage, and some other emotions I blow Higher I go
You know what I write You hear what I say You feel what I feel I observe I observe people I observe the world Situations And my own self
Everything I see is real The visions I have are real The emotions I have are real I don't stretch the truth I don't Help I can't escape I'm being bound from the mouth by this tape
Was bound to be the best when I was in a body morphing X2 No one can mess with me, drown in your jealousy Killing the game, I'm defeating it relentlessly Phosphorescence meddling, colder than ice indeed I'm a beast, I'm that wicked dividing monstrosity that be killing all of the weak I got evil intentions and villainous weapons You're full of resentment and praying for help bitch, I ain't fucking with it I'm raising the tension, I'm wicked, finessing quick
Sulfur and death, the whiff of Satan's expressiveness, I'm the shit! Bitch I am that corpse with that bright and light coating Surround myself with death, dead birds by me decomposing Earth's a psych ward, I'm so deceased before the morning Was bound to be the best when I was in a body morphing X2 I'm a source of evil, I'm the leader of the people Repellent to the holy hero, I'm a killer, never needed hope Manic flow enchanting hoes, my flow is so invincible
That bitch ride me like Bonnie and Clyde So many diamonds I can't see the time He talk to much that we can make crime I'm smoking on trees I'm smoking on palm I'm off the xan she see my eyes You won't catch me no Doing this drug shit until I die Ay, ay, ay, ay
I'm fucking your bitch yeah i nut in her bed She call me all night she call me all day She in love with the music cause I get the pay All this ice on me I'm fucking with diamonds I'm tryna be nice so I come up with comments I was tryna vibe don't waste my time That bitch ride me like Bonnie and Clyde So many diamonds I can't see the time
I'm so rich of your sick cray, you're a bore and I'm nasty Got my benz in the driveway, I'm so rich and I'm nasty Got no love anymore ay Didn't want me to fly ay Got me feeling so sick ay I'mma go and fuck things up Tours and bitch, it's so fucked up Doors and snitch it's a fuck up
Didn't want me to stay yeah Didn't want me to fly yeah I'm so rich of your sick cray, you're a bore and I'm nasty Got my benz in the driveway, I'm so rich and I'm nasty Got no love anymore ay Didn't want me to fly ay Got me feeling so sick ay I'mma go and fuck things up
Aye, B-R-O-C-C-O-L-I Smoking grandma cookies nigga Oh yeah B-R-O-C-C-O-L-I I'm smokin' broccoli and I'm so high She got a bubble butt, big ass, big thighs B-R-O-C-C-O-L-I I'm smokin' broccoli and I'm so high
Ey, I know I been drinking a little too much I know I been drinking a little too much But the pain won't stop Till I get fucked up Ah, yeah, ey, yeah Smoke in my lungs help me cope through the night So high I can touch the sky I might just fly
Away, away Ey, yeah, ey I don't know if I ever will come down Cause I like it way better up here Ah, yeah, ey, with no fear, no fear and my demons cannot reach me here Ey, but I see them grinning, grinning, grinning on the ground Waiting for me, waiting for me to fall down Ey, one more to the face I won't fall down
I know I been drinking a little too much But the pain won't stop Till I get fucked up Ah, yeah, ey, yeah Smoke in my lungs help me cope through the night So high I can touch the sky I might just fly Away, away
Malcolm X and Kwame Ture, this is where I'm at, at, at If you wanna talk to me, talk to me about Black, Black, Black Haile Selassie The First, Negus Nagast, let's talk about that, that, that Kaboom, Nanny Maroon and all the Maroons, let's talk about that, that, that The real Underground Railroad, the first subway for Black, Black, Black The freedom train begets what you bring, getting on track, track, track Whether justice or injustice, how do you react-act-act? Can you stand there laughing while they shoot us in the back, back, back?
This is what some rappers sound like every time they rap, rap, rap I'm raising up the red and the green and the black, black, black Get up, get out Speak up, speak out Reach up, reach out Time to ask the question now, are you really Black, Black, Black? It is not a mystery, we under attack-tack-tack If you chatting fuckery, you hold our people back, back, back
I bet you on the menu if you ain't around the table Got two horns and a halo But its okay though I know them niggas hate though But what the fuck do they know? I just hit a lick all by my lonely gotta Lay Low Now I'm just tryna flip it, put my homies on the payroll You could be such an "A-hole"
She don't like when I say no But she do what I say though Got me a little bad bitch I beat it until she k.o Know I be doing damage, be spinnin' like a tornado Just woke up from a xan nap I'm like where the fuck the day go? Been on some demon time but every night I gota pray though Yeah you know we be active, tryna stay up out the way though Caught a body on the ratchet, had to pass it, hot potato
I got two horns and a halo "Stoley" ridin' fuego I bet you on the menu if you ain't around the table But its okay though I know them niggas hate though But what the fuck do they know? Now I'm just tryna flip it, put my homies on the payroll I just hit a lick all by my lonely
Just me and my forty 'cause I can't afford no co-d's Got rid of that stoley Could've cashed out on that Roley But I ain't wanna "ohdee" That rain drop emoji Everybody eats I break bread with my homies And talk is cheap with no receipt so you gon' have to show me
I don't trust most niggas they be singing, karaoke Niggas phony, do my dirt all by my doly, moving low key It's Okay though They know Know we gotta Lay Low My homies on the payroll Gotta Lay Low Yeah
Cause everything is dying Yeah, everything is dying Yeah, everything is dying Yeah, everything is dying X2 Shadow out of time I been feeling like I'm just the shadow out of time Cause everything is dying Yeah, everything is dying X2
What can you do for my mind, please? Please have a look inside of me It's me and you Me and you, now Dear Diary What can you do for my mind, please? Please have a look inside of me It's me and you
Me and you, now I was talking Virtual Mind some time ago but now it's really here, like The grip it's got has multiplied, it's not just in my phone I'm trying to find a reason not to disappear, like The things I've got in life are slowly being denied, so Woah, yeah Woah and I feel trapped Woah, yeah
Woah I can't be that Yeah I've been at home, I've done the same, so many days I'm waking up at 12 and even then I'm feeling lazy I'm lucky I'm at home, I got the means to still create But... I'm sitting 'bout the place, no motivation And when I sit and I think about it like that It gets right on my back, how I feel 'Cause it's my head, it's letting me down
I wanna control but I can't catch the wheel Sitting on the side is everything I want All I gotta do is stretch out with my arm It's like in a dream; you want to but you can't Me and happiness are drifting far apart, yeah I'm feeling sad, I'm feeling lonely, yeah I found a girl but she can't hold me, yeah You cannot hold me back, what I want is
Damn, look at baby, she got baby cheeks All this money, gotta get a ring And it's a hot girl summer I don't want no baby mama I got four girls in a Hummer And they all want me to hump them So I hit her with my number Oh my God, will they please forget my number?
I'm late, don't break He like this was a mistake Me tryna become great Niggas want my money, want my sauce Big pussy dripping like it's boss Oh my God, oh my God Um, I don't go to the gym I go to the sandwich shop
My main bitches average shoppers She pose for the camera Where my knights of the round? Gimme sir, Lancelot Your nigga want out? He just wanna hammer time But he is a random guy And I'm a cleanly bitch
I ain't a friendly bitch You takin' plenty dick You takin' mini dicks I ain't like any bitch Some of 'em Henny, bitch Hop on my phone now He hooked on my thong, now on it He wanna go all night long
P-P-Polar Bleach Ayy, my life's been feelin' upside down right now And you're the one I call when I feel down 'Cause you catch me when I'm fallin' I'm brutally honest when I say that I wanna die with you My life's been feelin' upside down right now And you're the one I call when I feel down
'Cause you catch me when I'm fallin' I'm brutally honest when I say that I wanna die with you So can you touch me underneath my flesh and make me right? I love the way you look at me directly in my eyes So baby please don't follow me and we can spend our lives Together and forever 'cause I'm on that type of time So please, please don't let it fall I can be your own
Late night goes to morning and realize I don't want you I am not trying to control you I doing what I suppose to We were going through it and you wouldn't let me hold you Yeah, it be like that sometimes That's a funny saying I think I say it all the time She think I'm in love, well I think she thinking right She don't even know she living rent free in my mind
I missed the times we always had Said it was forever, and it couldn't be that Pull myself together I ain't known for being sad I shouldn't of got attached I should've stayed up in my bag Yeah, but it's too late now My phone flooded with memories I can't vacate now She probably thinking the same I shouldn't break down All these mixed up emotions gonna blow my brains out
Baby girl I just want you to stay I been thinking about you like every day Baby if I'm being honest you not going nowhere anyway cuz you the only one that make me feel this way Baby if I'm being honest Baby girl I just want you to stay I been thinking about you like every day Baby if I'm being honest you not going nowhere anyway cuz you the only one that make me feel this way If I'm being honest yo body the hottest You ain't like the other hoes I name it an you got it Yeah we taking outter space like a rocket
Baby I won't break your heart just look at me I promisee I love your smile and your style and your fragrance Yeah they gone hate i don't care what they Sayin You is not like them because you not basic I just gotta say it baby If I'm being honest Baby if I'm being honest you not going nowhere anyway you the only one that make me feel this way Would you ride for me don't lie to me got me stuck in a maze
Make it hard to sleep you on my mind at night and through the day And I know I'm not the only one man who else can relate And I try you understand it when you said you need your space But I'm gonna ride for you I'm gonna die for you baby you already know how it goo Me and you better together we better forever and then we gone stay on the road They gone post about us when they post they relationship goals Imma take care of your heart I'm gonna gaurd it with my soul Because I love you won't put no one above you
Maybe, gold-made how these niggas trippin', trippin' Days off, told her, "Baby, give a late now" I'm the shit now, we the shit now when we drink Waitin' for the cake now Flow cold, satan, I could keep goin', but I won't Said that you fuck with me, but you don't Speakin' so terribly, watch your tone
I'ma give you reasons to, bitch Haha, yeah, aye Won't you stay with me? I could give you anything, even a diamond ring, yeah I could give you anything You'd have everything if you stand by me Yeah, I asked you to stay but you won't I asked you to stop playing games but you don't
Lurking in my mind like a ghost I could fill the void that you feel in your soul I don't believe in fate I don't believe in destiny, that was until today Girl, you make my day Make my earth shake Make my earth quake Girl, you are so perfect, I do not know what to say
Yeah, you causing the problems All these mixed emotions, baby, we just gotta solve 'em Going through the motions, baby, happens way too often Keep fucking around and you might end up in a coffin, yeah I don't know where to go I know I don't wanna be alone Won't you stay with me? I could give you anything, even a diamond ring, yeah
I could give you anything You'd have everything if you stand by me Yeah, I asked you to stay but you won't I asked you to stop playing games but you don't Lurking in my mind like a ghost I could fill the void that you feel in your soul Aye, I could give you anything at all All this fucking fighting, I don't wanna get involved
In the foreign, we can ride Baby, you can be my motherfucking ride or die I ain't ever take you for the type of bitch to lie And I'm screaming "Fuck love" with the way you switching sides Switching sides, huh Bae, tell me tonight, huh Look me in my eyes Tell me, are you full of lies?
I found it Its Nassim yeah I have a rock A Nasty Rock Nasty Rock I eat it It was, it was pretty good I found it in the Trash Can
I can't relax now, im bouta crash now I can't relax now, im bouta crash now Im smokin gas now, thinkin bout the past now A lotta shit that happened that was old Smokin on that gas got me froze Remeniscing when i didn't have no Cash Now a nigga got a bag now I ain't goin back now, people really cap now
They the real class clown, oh shit got me turnt now Forget, roll a blunt now Paid two hunnid for these jeans that i got on Brand new house around my neck got it two tones Him and his mans wanna be damn thats two clones Chain cost a whip damn that bitch dont ever do wrong We gone put her crew on, t-shirt made by vlone They know where we be on, they kno where we be on
If ain't what I'm worth then I don't want it nigga Get the money then retire Jigga aye Joe Exotic I been running with some lions nigga Shoofly Shoofly Dont bother me Young Onass nigga the truth I'm Too ill
Like the flu and covid one nine Raw dope kill you with one line Hit the block nigga its one time Shawty wanna feel what a thugs like You ain't a king you an ant living a bugs life The beat from D1 no NCAA He put the battery in me like a double A The strongest soldiers get tested I got double A's
Got protected me on the road he my Triple A It's peanuts to a giant nigga yeah If ain't what I'm worth then I don't want it nigga Get the money then retire Jigga aye Joe Exotic I been running with some lions nigga Who let the flies in Who let the rats out Get the bug spray
Ima spazz out Them niggas everywhere Round the damn house Don't wanna hear another word up out your damn mouth Maggots Talking fly shit from the trash bin Savage You a has been never passed him
Trapped in Niggas cappin like its fashion Cash in Diamonds dancing Michael Jackson A hundred I got it to spend You want it well baby depends Let me see how you can bend Then we can jump in the Benz
daestpYkhae jwnaekhn boe naemn y'aeRoen shdy goeR boe y'zr daebystm symfoeny lYdaedrYt daehaezr khaemnchae RwHaekhn saery'w daekhaewn waekh paeRaemwchaekhn lae Raeshaebd wtyn lae y'aelbwwmy pYshwwm daengm bshtrbww naekhYr, daengm Rqwy bww lae saed naewaedy
y'aem dwwRwynae haewLdaedaen Rkhaen baeLm boe daebY bYzrm bkhaen? byrm lYkhrdoetaewae, ykhjr, zytrysh qaeHbae, mn hYsht daefrm haerwaekhw znjyraekhaet Rstae, daewLaemaend trbwwm baeLm y'aegaer laebaer prae bwyae chaendyn sL pYsh y'Yst wzm hYnbww qaeHpae daemae Hyzaet dkhae
daebY bRoem y'aem qsnae bae "tYkh nyn" yn "jaeyzy" bLYm khaes hychy daerbraey "tw chaenyz" naewt mwaeyaekhy zoeoer lYrae bww, naefraet saersm nym y'Ywae twRaen, y'Yst mn taemshy daekhaem w khaeLtaekhnm daejmYrm mn y'Yly'Yl khwwl j ym "gaewrae w khaeR" baem shYwaeyaem chwr mylyoen daefroeshm khtYkh y'aelbwwmYkhy khrp bLwdaekhaem faeshaelaey RyvyvL, dwy gaeRmaewae wmkhrd khoetn pys bkhaen lae trs baeLm "RoeLyng stoen strs" dww nyw ydmY lae pYnjd! mny khstae qqy pYkhaenyn
chwnkhae baem shYwaeyae lae khrp daeRwnn pYshwtr hYndaey y'Yst pYm nkhoesh naebww, chwnkhae y'aewae baesaer jaeyms ht daekhrY baesae shaeydy d Rwbdt khae haemn shtyn baermbaer brndy khrd nHaezm zytrae laewnaey khoeshyndaewYm y'aem yryae shYtt daekht nzykht daekhtaewae lae y'yfls
mn maezntryn bwwm stY goernyaekhnm lae haemww wYstgaey Rdyoekhn daeswwRyaewae daeynwt mn sh`raekhnm nwzaen baeLm hychm nyae boe wtn baeLm khtYkh RyvyvLm bLw khrdaewae shtYkhm haebww boe wtn wtyn Rqyn lYyae RynpaeRndm twRaeym lae daest d, zoeoer tmaezroem pae shymn bwwmaewae wtyn zoeoer twRaem, pYwystm bae haendYkh byty dry haeyae
naekhYr, pYwystae mn laegaeL "ty khyz" daest pYbkhaem hndaern baerdaewm pLm daenYn laesaer yaekh RYg nHaeznysh pLm daenYm boesaer RYgyaekhy dy paeywaendy zytrm haeyae zyd lae swaey ly pYwwystae haendYkh khYshy qwrs haeLbgrm tkhw ttoekhaey haeyly drYjbYt wtyn grynoekhYkhm khae saewtm waekhw mndLae bLwy daekhaemaewae baeLm ntwnm bygrm daeygrm baeLm ntwnm bLwy bkhaemaewae
wae haemww chaewtn lae daeraewaey shYwaey khoeyn shtae qoeRae khaerykhae haezaely daebYt bwaestae, maebaestm bYRYzykhrdn naebww mn dysy tykhm naekhrdwae w y'aemae lYdnYkh naebww lae tww chaenz yn lae jaeyzy y'aewn laewnaeyae haest bae haemn RYgy mn bkhaen chwnkhae lae jyty y'aewaey hywy baerhaemdrymn boe mwaey drYj bkhwzn wae baerdaewmbyn baerz bRoeyn boe mwaeyaekhy zoeoer t laem y'stae pYmn wtrwae khae haergyz nbynaewae baewaey khae pYshwwtr bwyn
Uh, yuh, yuh, yuh, uh, yuh You don't know my sauce Okay You don't know my sauce Yeah Okay, okay, okay Yeah, whu, whu, whu I'ma show you 'round, show you 'round, show you 'round
Try not to scream to loud when you feel it seeping deep inside Don't, get, in, my way bitch I, will, make, you, pay bitch I, don't, feel, no pain bitch Ok, I got a whole lot to say Like what the fuck you talking bout I know you haunted by my face I heard it through the grapevine that you were running your mouth
So I all the demons that I've conjured never ever leaving now I damned your motherfucking name until the day you fucking die Light my motherfucking candle and then I speak into the sky Prepare for no more good things in your petty motherfucking life Little did you know that I'm a motherfucking parasite Don't, get, in, my way bitch Just 'cause you ain't seen it don't mean it ain't gon happen I infested your mind with a little bit of my magic
Stuck on the road like I missed my flight I can never go where the lights shine bright Wake up, I'm cold, livin' life by night Not on parole, but I move like mice Everybody wanna know how I raised my price Told my dad I had a plan, I just hoped he'd understand Stopped talkin' to my friends and I went and made amends Dropped up out of school, now Lil Nassy make demands
Yah yah let go She know imma blow She know imma blow Numba 9ine with the Rick on my toe Yah Yah She know imma blow She know imma blow Numba 9ine with the Rick on my toe Yah Yah Alyx with the Prada yah I bought a whole lotta n she really get mad cuz I ain't buy her shit I shop for myself I shop for myself I ain't no fucking simp we shoot at the opps we shoot at the opps now he walking with a limp n bought a lot of shrimp cuz my niggas finna feast all my brothers been up yah we been had the heat niggas talking on the internet yah them niggas want beef y'all really want smoke then I pull up wt a pole knock him down in the street yah them niggas really crying like sum hoes tears falling from your face snot dripping from your nose knock a nigga out one punch yah I'm feeling like a pro my Glock like mike Tyson yah it only take one blow She know imma blow She know imma blow
I'm not tempted, oh, nah, nah I ain't filled with lust and I ain't gon' drop I'm so numb I ain't even need to go to the top He is gon' stop, ayy! He better stop now! He is gon' stop, ayy! He is gon' stop now! He better stop, ayy!
He better stop now! Why you even hit me up? Yeah, you better stop! I'm okay, I'm okay, listen, boy, you are opped! You got all the power, look at you, you always on top And I'm such a piece of garbage who cannot reach the top! And he just better stop! I'm okay, I'm okay, listen, boy, you are opped! You got all the power, look at you, you always on top
Nah, for real Yo Pi'erre, you wanna come out here? I can't fuck that bitch, I think it's something wrong with it I been on the block all day, getting busy Pocket watching niggas mad they can't get no business Nigga, don't call my phone if you ain't tryna spend two-fifty The dope gon' sell even if it ain't with me Niggas talking like they tough, I'll pull up and get busy
She gon' suck my dick, I fuck her when I feel like Money on my mind, I do it when I feel right Don't ever say my name if you ain't really tryna beef You know I got the streets on lock like a key Don't ever say my name if you ain't tryna get some money I been tryna add it up, bitch, I'm tryna save hundreds I'm tryna save racks, I'm tryna move packs I'm tryna fuck on yo' bitch, she gon' fuck me back
Niggas be talking about money, I'm gon' take yo' sacks I'ma move it fast , and I'ma get that cash I can't fuck that bitch, I think it's something wrong with it I been on the block all day, getting busy Pocket watching niggas mad they can't get no business Nigga, don't call my phone if you ain't tryna spend two-fifty The dope gon' sell even if it ain't with me Niggas talking like they tough, I'll pull up and get busy
She gon' suck my dick, I fuck her when I feel like Money on my mind, I do it when I feel right I'ma smoke the dope and sell it when I feel like Two hoes in my bed, off that molly, I ain't scared I like my Act' red, heard your homie was the Feds I could never tell , serve you with no scale It came in the mail, think I need like twenty bales If that nigga need some help, ooh, nigga gon' get left, ooh
Sabke paas ek ghadi jab karna padta zindagi ka aehem faisla Kabhi khafa kabhi naraaz kabhi khushi, kabhi hai gham Aankhein hai nam,bebasi zindagi ye hai zindagi x6 Yaa! Life is all about yourself how you make yourself how you take yourself through your shelves har jagah hai gair har jagah hai gair Did you know that??!! Ye gaana hai emotion lelo dil ki sair, kathinaiyo ki leher zindagi me aati hai har waqt, Mai khoon ko bolu mai khoon ya bolu mai raqt Na hai itna waqt sochne ko kisiki kitni izzat hai milegi saamne waale shaksh ko izzat tab jab rahenge izzat me Ye Zindagi naazuk bohot jaise ped se girte patte
Vo ghar veeran dikhe darwaaze se par vo dikhe na chat se Nashe me behjaate bhavnaaye hosh me na nikle kuch lab se Mujhe pata hi nai log de rahe aake khabar mere yaha dushman hai kab se Faisle ki ghadi zindagi me har waqt hai faisle se hi puri zindagi tiki hai faisle se hi zindagi bani hai ye faisle me hi sabki dukh aur sukh kahi hai Ye Zindagi kya hai chiz hoti hai sabke paas,par kabhi na kabhi aati hai Sabke paas ek ghadi jab karna padta zindagi ka aehem faisla Kabhi khafa kabhi naraaz kabhi khushi, kabhi hai gham Aankhein hai nam,bebasi zindagi ye hai zindagi x6
I don't want to ever have to think about what we did, ever again I'm keeping it together but I really don't think I can, I can't pretend You know what we're guilty of I know You Know Just what I know So how can I go CHORUS x2 Women women women
Women women women Where is your home "What you gonna do, What you gonna do?" - scratch I know what you did to every other, ain't no way you got my trust You know I can't no, You know I can't no I can see all through your tone, whenever I leave you alone I know the answer to who's really there so I don't even ever want to think about what we did, ever again
You want to be my lover when we really ain't even friends I can't pretend You know what we're guilty of I know You Know Just what I know So how can I go CHORUS x2 Where is your home
I said I was gon' take a break, but I can't quit, uh If it was 'bout the money, then I would be rich, uh A lot of things they sayin' just don't make no sense, uh Form a line, form a line, form a line Dress it up, make it real, wipe it down Red and yellow, black and white, blue or brown I'm the same way no matter who I'm 'round They just mad they season over, they outta style
All that cheddar made you cheesy, outta style And now they beggin' and they pleadin', make it stop I said I was gon' take a break but I can't quit, uh If it was 'bout the money, then I would be rich, uh A lot of things they sayin' just don't make no sense, uh Form a line, form a line, form a line Dress it up, make it real, wipe it down Red and yellow, black and white, blue or brown
I'm the same way no matter who I'm 'round They just mad they season over, they outta style All that cheddar made you cheesy, outta style And now they beggin' and they pleadin', make it stop They watchin' everything I do like they the cops, yeah That's why my ratings high, they push me to the top, yeah It's like 2006, they all up on my jock, yeah Let me create, I need my space, Buzz Lightyear
I'm just tryna live life Know the money comin' in anyway I'm drippin' sauce and she love how it taste You know I'm living my life I'm just tryna live right, yeah If you was real, we could relate And you can't get one from my plate You tryna eat, I already ate
Hosni, ghoulihoum khallini gha meztoul Mrid b rassi, kan tassi l'alcool 7yati moskha fhemni chna howa tangoul Ha 3lach 9rib tssma3 houchat Crazy Goliya chnou sari, chnou tari Aji tchoufni kifach ki kaydouz nhari Kanchouf 3e9li mfari, mor l'arret W tri9 li goddami kamla 3amra 7fari
Kamla chouk kamla 7fari Habta drouj cha3la nari Ah! w ba9in! w ghloubna mejrou7a La7ouna lte7t w kaytello 3lina men sto7a Wagfine bel baraka b7al dyour Doha Chabiba day3a b zzetla kate9tel ro7ha Tel9o l3a9a ra bnadem ga3 ma 3andou Ta ana baghi n3ich b7alo bla man bousslo yeddou
3yina mellina ta 7ed ma daha fina Dwina tcheddina lmima bkat 3lina Sketna w nssina l9alb darou lina x2 Goliya chnou sari, chnou tari Aji tchoufni kifach ki kaydouz nhari Kanchouf 3e9li mfari, mor l'arret W tri9 li goddami kamla 3amra 7fari
Til the curtains fell I did it watch endorphins build I don't fit into your coffin seal Every offering real Coughing still, Stanzas all reveal My spirit died in that hospital December chill He was on the gurney, my memories could never heal Boy losing it'll make you know just how the treasures feel Now that's airplay!
I turn the ladder of success into a stairway None of my niggas got a fair play I blast away ya padre Castaway in Bombay Superglue vaporize my face I sew it like a tailor how I ingly rise great From my gangway to Marseille Green beret hurdles, nigga my clarks gray
Carry my arms just this way Spray and disappear like armistice day I been harnessed this way My hypothesis is, marvelous cake Will take the Karma away Spartacus blade make ya artery spray Pardon me, my words I mold like pottery clay I somberly pray
Nothing gets easier we just get tougher Lately shit been real It's what you do not how you feel Check my gat then plan these mills Got moves to make no time to chill Bout to miss this flight out for the night I need more than half a zan that's hella light Sugar and spice I
I think the world going crazy losing control in the mazes Life's a dream you don't awake from nightmare on elm street if you don't pay us Grandma please never stop praying these streets are possessed and they slay us We dropping like flies touching Raiden the future is gloomy and rainy Lately shit been real It's what you do not how you feel Check my gat then plan these mills Got moves to make no time to chill
Good thing I'm a critter from the swamp hoe I got it out the mud my whole city under sea Niggas coming after me bring every M and F 16 better believe I keep the city under siege No coming in nobody leave looney fucking with me I'ma leave you out of tune we ain't goons these are kings Bow you head when you speak you need rank to see me eye to eye you and I never meet its an eye for an eye Think of that when you reach thats a price on your neck and your seed no beseeching no Godfather pleads Reapers don't need a reason relieve you of all of your demons tis always the season Bitch quote and believe me these niggas my kids they just mad cause they teething fall short trying to be me They just want a cd a free T and matching beanie two things for you hoes H.D. and B.G. bubblegum
Look, the only reason I survive 'cause a nigga is special, first You get successful, then it get stressful, thirst Niggas gon' test you, see what your texture's worth Diamonds and pipes, one of 'em pressure bursts Street nigga, still I get checks, in spurts I'm for peace, but before I get pressed, I murk Better days pray for but expectin' worse At this level, bullshit, I'm just less concerned
Cruisin' in the 6, lookin' at the proceeds of rap music on my wrist Drop another mixtape, my shit boomin' out this bitch Young Malcolm, I'm the leader of the movement out this bitch, look Reach a level, make you question, "Is it real life?" All the weed good, all the pussy real tight And the only rule, keep your dollar bills right .40 on my lap, clap, sound like 40 did the mix Filtered bass, sift coke like a Michelin star chef
Chef kiss to my wrist, I go dummy with my left IRS on my dick try to audit all my checks, too late You know they hate when you become more than they expect You let them crackers storm your Capitol, put they feet up on your desk And yet you talkin' tough to me, I lost all my little respect I'm sellin' weed in the open, bringin' folks home from the feds I know that payback's gon' be mean, I'm savin' all my little bread Pray for me, y'all, one day I'ma have to pay for these thoughts
Real niggas is extinct, it ain't safe for me, my dawg They killin' niggas in they own hoods, that make sense to you at all? You burnt your bridge to the other side, you know you can't swim across Y'all know niggas can't swim, they fried Mike after he died Y'all know niggas can't win, you never land, all jokes aside I arrived on the day Fred Hampton got mur--, hol' up Assassinated, just to clarify further What y'all gave birth is the chairman mixed with Jeff Fort
My heart turned cold from running in these streets And I gave you my all baby so don't you take a thing from me My nights feel lonely when you ain't on me Show me real love at a time it's hard to hang on me Nobody wanna see us happy they only love it when beef Like when I talk about you bad in you talk bad about me Our love resembles days there's bright in dark times spent together And different weathers but regardless we gon' spend em together
F*ck them right back! Ruthless as fuck Fuck or get fucked Make your own luck Basics get plucked Chasing that puck Don't interrupt Making that buck
Don't be dumbstruck Never get stuck OySpearfish your passwordster get shucked Dick out; untucked Vag reconstruct Don't give a fuck! Disorderly conduct We self-destruct!
Like volcano erupt Ain't no fucking vegan Apex predator Love meat eating Waiting like a gator Don't allow no cheating Always cut the traitor Even if they pleading
Fakes hate on ya later Always be misleading Can't trust a failure The ones who competing Always need a favor Gotta give a beating Blast them like a laser Wanna see you bleeding
Neighbor become invader Ruthless as fuck Fuck or get fucked Make your own luck Basics get plucked Chasing that puck Don't interrupt Making that buck
Don't be dumbstruck Never get stuck Oyster get shucked Dick out; untucked Vag reconstruct Don't give a fuck! Disorderly conduct We self-destruct!
Like volcano erupt Didn't have your head start But Hustling my art Scaling up like Walmart Ain't no sweetheart Know how to play the part Poisoned with a frog dart Shit on you like a fart
Know what the best part? Fakes --- always tend to fall apart! Oyster get shucked I'm a tough fucking nerd Yeah, I might be absurd Flashy like a rare bird They allured and scared To all the sleazebags out there: you may have gotten away with shit so far, but your days are gonna be numbered. One of these days you're gonna slip up, and life will finally fuck you in the ass with a big rubber dildo, just like you deserve
Baby girl that's no lie , no lie She's a pretty girl, got me feeling like I made it You know I hold her down, yeah, I got her situated I don't know how to say it, only miss you when I'm faded Baby girl that's no lie , no lie Yeah, girl I know you a model I know you feel entitled But that ain't how I'm movin'
I'm not like these other men Let's just make a movie, me and you, we keep it off the Gram I could really tell you how I'm feeling But I think that we would be better off without revealing I don't want you to take it up the wrong way I won't make the wrong play Baby go and buss it down for me, yeah Yeah, I put my trust in you
I paid in all my dues But you be tryna tell me that it ain't enough for you I know the deal, you be tryna make me feel Like I got somebody else I'm giving my attention to Baby slow it down for me, just slow it down for me Think about when I go out my way to hold it down for you This ain't a forever thing, live it in the moment I feel it every time when I wake up in the morning, I say
Sold yo life for the payroll Guard yo light fuck the peso 1 Point 5 4 Da Yayo I'm so fly coz I say so Sold yo life for the payroll Guard yo light fuck the peso Ayy yo Pass me dat yayo
That was 2016 like all the time there was nothing that I can't hold Woo! Ayy yo All the meddies know I'm vuil Tryna be like me you'll fail Step in the ring nigga K.O I'm fly they know I say so Ride so slow
I scrape floors Scrape so deep I'll let yo hunny let you know You got the keys? for which door? bet you don't know Im a G, better know, and it stands for gold Can't even stay on the road I flew past all that float I need a co-pilot I know I be so fly nigga I know
I'm on a rise nigga I know Won't be surprised when I blow I need a co-pilot I know I be so fly nigga I know I'm on a rise nigga I know Won't be surprised when I blow I ain't alone I got a couple souls, yeah I ain't alone I got a couple souls, yeah
Chucky: Here we go! Chucky vs Annabelle, let the best doll win! Let us know in the comment section who you think won, and be sure to subscribe to Aaron Fraser-Nash for more! Let's get into it! *Laughs* Chucky: Hi I'm Chucky, what's your name? Annabelle: Annabelle. Your voice is strange Chucky: At least I move my lips and speak! You sit in silence, not a peep! Annabelle: But that what makes me scary though..you talk the talk, I steal the show Chucky: I'll have you know, I'm scary so stop telling lies, Pinocchio!! Annabelle: I will admit, you could be scary, but first of all, stop all that swearing! Chucky: Sorry, Annie. Forgot you're caring, a pretty doll who sits there staring!
IN THE JUNGLE WITH THE KILLERS IM STRAIGHT DIRTY MONEY I BE RUNNING THAT RACE GET MONEY HAD TO BACK OUT THAT WRAITH YOU WAS LIT THAT WAS BACK IN THE DAY BIG FORTY I AINT REALLY WANNA PLAY SHOTS FIRE THEY BE RUNNING AWAY LYSOL I BE LETTING IT SPRAY...... HEAVY ON IT HEAVY ON IT MY POCKETS FULL WASNT CHECKING FOR ME
FUCKED YA BITCH WITH THE WEAPON ON ME BRUSHED HIM OFF LIKE HE STEPPING ON ME READY FOR IT READY FOR IT IM BENDING CORNERS NOW HUNTING FOR HIM HEAVY ON IT HEAVY ON IT BIG FORTY GOT DA WEAPON ON ME SHOTS FIRE DONT BE CHECKING FOR ME HEADTAP EM NOW THEY MISSING HOMIE
IN THE JECTS NIGGA WHERE IT AINT SAFE TRACK IN FIELD I BE RUNNING THAT RACE GETTING MONEY HAD TO FILL UP THAT SAFE YOU WAS UP THAT WAS BACK IN THE DAY BIG KNOCKA GOT RIDE A WITH THE KAY BIG THIRTY LET EM BOOM IN HIS FACE POINT BLANK BETTER GIVE EM HIS SPACE NIGGAS PUSSY AINT RIDING NO WAY
READY FOR IT READY FOR IT SPINNING BLOCKS IF LOOKING FOR ME SMOKE A OPP NIGGAS NEVER ON IT DUST HIS HEAD I BE MOVING DIRTY DA DRIP NEW NOW SHE CHECKING FOR ME SUCK ME UP AND GO RUNNING FOR ME CHROUS 2 2X HEAVY ON IT HEAVY ON IT GET DA MONEY KEEP GLIZZY ON ME
I'm In love with the King Born here to win, but that's more than a dream Came and down here and died, that's more than a King Rose on the third day, that's a sweet victory Hold up, I wanna be just like God Blessing and blessing, let that be my job Since I was a child, no sparing the rod But teaching, and preaching, tell em all about my God
Me and Cube out in MIA racin' coupes Tootsie rolled the bag, make the fiends raise the roof You a joke, bitch, I'm dyin' tryna stay up Got me cryin' laughin', bitch, you fuckin' up my makeup Get your cake up or get your whole face ate up Straight up, now let a bitch try to play tough D&G or I'm draggin' bags out of Fendi Clearin' stores 'til they empty, money, I got plenty
Took a minute 'cause I had to manifest the vision I been trippin' ever since 'cause I want a billion 'Sace 'fit, I look flawless, clap for me Queenpin, I make other niggas trap for me Can't even reach me unless you got some stacks for me Do the dash in a Wraith, I ain't slowin' down Call me up, he can't stay unless he goin' down Fuck a tweet, when I see you, bitch, it's goin' down
One, two, they done let the dog loose Trollin' on the 'net, I'ma get you, I'ma find you We ain't do the mission if the shit ain't make Fox 2 Bitch, I keep the stick on me like a blind dude Molly go brazy, yeah, she told me go crazy I'll John Wick a nigga, I done took him from his baby It's about to go down, no Yung Joc I done got to trippin' when I put that switch up on that Glock
I got real bands, put it on your head Corny-ass nigga, I got two bitches in my bed Bitch, you think you up 'cause you got a couple EDDs? I'll take the whole load 'fore a nigga tryna stunt on me Do the dash in a Wraith, I ain't slowin' down Call me up, he can't stay unless he goin' down Fuck a tweet, when I see you, bitch, it's goin' down Dora Band-Aids, don't judge me, I explore
Accounts offshore, bitch, I'm the fuckin' source Ever went to war 'cause you wanted more? Took theirs unprepared, now I want yours Overtime, I got family to feed Shooters with me, so make sure you keep them cameras on me All-white like I spilled some Arm & Hammer on me For the record, it's an arm and a hammer on me, swear Clip longer than an arm off a chair
Verse l Hold up Hold up Me, my niggas don't need luck Read the digits, ain't no coma., no rest, no sleeping on ma.. High school was no baller. dawgs around with no collar. Girls fight for me, T'challa.. That's a cap, like cola. That's a cap, like Soulja. That's a cap, America.. What's ghost with no power. Step the game like, no rush.. Man of hour like, no rush..
You be acting, like you know.. and i be thinking that she don't.. like Are you ever gon see though.. That I been waiting for you though.. Haters never gon see though.. That this love, like G O, D.. (My baby you, Oooo.. My baby you, Oooo..)x2 Verse ll I gotta wait on the phone, are you ever gon pick on the phone.. When shes speak there's a tone, like nigga just leave me alone.. Then I feel my heart, turn right back into the stone..
Sticked up like we in the mafia, 808 gang that's the mafia Play with my Brodie play with my bro you know we gon' have to get you gone Yeah my brother pulled up with the big backwoods but we put you in the bong, yeah, yeah Sticked up like we in the mafia 808 gang that's the mafia play my bros and my sis and my Brodie you know we gon' have to get you gone Yeah, my brother came in with a big Glock came with extended clips Yeah, yeah, yeah it came with extended clips Like a Beyblade little bitch I'ma let it rip Like a hoe she gonna fuck for the benefits
Like a hoe she gonna drank for the benefits, she ain't got nun else to do My brothers really sticked up, yeah we got them Glocks hanging out the coupe Sticked up like we in the mafia, 808 gang that's the mafia Play with my Brodie play with my bro you know we gon' have to get you gone Yeah my brother pulled up with the big backwoods but we put you in the bong, yeah, yeah Sticked up like we in the mafia 808 gang that's the mafia play my bros and my sis and my Brodie you know we gon' have to get you gone I remember true religion was the style now we got Rick Racks denim on I remember everything was in style now I got Prada and Balenci on
Left me in the dirt but I wish you well Never will forget but I bet you will Really killed the vibe and yet you're still on my mind Broke my heart but I miss you still Sad boy tears on the whip, too ill And yet you fill my mind Got sick now I don't feel well Ill mind with the lies you tell
Got scars from the heart you killed But I don't feel a thing at all Dead heart, imma write my will So I flex to avoid how I feel You hate me, then love me Then hate me in one night You call me, I pick up You hang up on my line
I wish I could hate you I'd probably sleep at night I'm dreaming of demons It's torture for my mind I got you on my mind Left me in the dirt but I wish you well Never will forget but I bet you will Really killed the vibe and yet you're still on my mind
Broke my heart but I miss you still Sad boy tears on the whip, too ill And yet you fill my mind I fell in love with your soul not your face or your body Did you really mean it when you told me that you love me Why does everybody gotta fold like origami Thought you was the one the way I felt it in my tummy I was breaking my back
Then you went and broke my heart Now I'll never wanna restart This loving never seems to get far You left me to die I am not alright You left me to die, I am not alright You've been on my mind, I can't pass the time I got you on my mind
Fucking up my mind all the time, fuck I'm with that Pouring up a vibe with a pint I'ma slip that slow So I don't think I'm coming back home Blowing cash tonight, smoking gas tonight Fucking up my system living fast tonight I live a faster life, so I don't even think I'm coming back tonight I don't wanna feel, I'ma smoke until its gone Yeah, I know that you was right, yeah I know that I been wrong
But I guess that's just the way I'm tryna say I'm moving on And I'm on, yeah I move I might pop a Percocet or two yeah, ooh Hop up in the coop Stay the fuck up outta what I do I make the sky fall, I saw teardrops in her eyeballs Drove her to the edge and I left her on the sidewalk I don't mean to hurt you girl, I guess it's what the time called
Now she breaking down and it's my fault, my fault Shawty wanna ride, I'm so tired of the chit chat Fucking up my mind all the time, fuck I'm with that Pouring up a vibe with a pint I'ma slip that slow So I don't think I'm coming back home Blowing cash tonight, smoking gas tonight You been hurting and it's all on me Curses, hearses, you gon' catch me swerving
I don't really care at all I don't really care if it hurts me I just wanna sleep and pop my perky Shawty is a dub she did me dirty Got way too many demons running through my brain Yeah, yeah, yeah Heartbreak soldier, feel the pain Take another xanny to the brain
Poison blood in my veins I'm a prince boy sipping purple rain Murder when she writing out my name Shorty really put me in the grave Off another pill to ease the pain Pour some Henny in my cup let it bang Let it bang She said that I've changed, I'll never be the same
But whenever I'm sober I don't feel okay yeah I don't really care if it hurts me I just wanna sleep and pop my perky Got way too many demons running through my brain Yeah, tears in my eyes, I'll tell you that I'm fine I'm taking these prescriptions that I'm not even prescribed Swallowing a pill, yeah I'm swallowing my pride Yeah, the heartbreak universe is where I reside
Yeah, I can't feel my face so I think I'll be alright Numbing out the pain cause I hate what I find in my mind Tryna be a better guy But the two phones ringing cause my plug hit my line Now is it possible to find some closure Is it possible to make amends with you Yeah, I miss it when you cried on my shoulder Even though I didn't fucking know what you'd do
Pricu skrati, reci ili plati U gepeku automati, nac'e metak ti u bradi Braca dolaze s juga, moja banda je luda Cijev uvek je vruca, dim uvuci u pluca Brze pare, ludi kes, dobra roba, dobar seks 'Oces vutru ili flex? Daj nam Henny, daj nam Jack U casu ubaci led, kuci vodim riba sest U autu nam bace ples
Jako puse vjetar juzni, u ekipi svi su ljuti Trnu ti zubi, robu dodi, preuzmi Pare obrcem na gudri, stekovi puni Nama bar jedna kucka mora da se plazi Pazim kad se krecem, murija nas trazi Nemoj da nas ljutis i da pricas lazi Da te ne bi ispucali Sarajevo geto, prevreo beton
Step 1 walk with me Step 2 walk with me Step 1 walk with me Lets keep on goin Step 2 walk with me And keep on going *Verse* Yea and im on the track yea we always telling facts we gone make a lot of cash we ain't never gone stop got to get to the top ohhhh yea let the lyrics go flow yea let the beat goo we gone do what we got to do because its us and we doing oooohhhh
Ja, er sagt mir tausend mal- Er sagt mit tausend mal er liebt mich, wenn er geht Wenn ich so traurig guck', tut ihm seine Seele weh Ja, kurze Tage, lange Nachte Kurze Tage, lange Nachte Kurze Tage, lange Nachte Wachst du mit mir auf? Machst mit mir Fruhstuck?
Isst du meine Reste auf? Ey, mag ich dich? - Darf ich dich? Will ich nicht alleine sein? Will ich dich haben oder einfach nicht mehr traurig sein? Oder einfach nicht mehr traurig sein? You're the, you're the reason why-y-y C'est quand que retournons a l'arriere A etre tout c'qu'on veut
C'est quand que retournons a l'arriere A etre tout c'qu'on veut That is extremly good vocals Joy, thats good You know many years ago I heard a singer from brazil Do a similar thing to that ,,Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh" I think, but she use two microphones
Jeg star pa toppen, jeg vil ikke floppe, jeg vil ikke droppe for noe som helst Jeg sikter pa taket, jeg lander pa manen, de sikter pa sola og lander pa telt Jeg star pa toppen, jeg vil ikke floppe, jeg vil ikke droppe for noe som helst Pisa plis'a paes litt pizza Sulten, ha'kke spist Fri Palestina Du skjonner det en dag Yallah yallah yallah yallah
Gar hardt inn: Vis meg visa vis-a-vis avisa Et land er som sin nyhet, Mona Lisa -Loco motiver, river ditt tog Ikke prov a ramme meg, og min flow Like for en dommedag, kommer na Dette her er kunst som Michelangelo Beaten er et lerret, se nar jeg gar
Og maler det med penselen, med sma har Lan meg ett ore, gi meg ett ar Dette her er kunst som Vincent van Gogh Jeg bare maler ett veggmaleri Har en hvit krage som Neal Caffrey De jager hvit drage men jeg jager tid Selv nar tiden gar altfor fort Ti ar mellom etthvert blunk
Til vi nar fram til etthvert punkt Vil jeg skrike som Edvard Munch Straight off the wall som en fresco Shootin made you look, Esco Stacker rim som legobrikker Stikker av ved neste avstikker sa lets go Er et fenomen Hvis du vil, kom en-mot-en
Superman, I get them bands but ain't gon' buy you roses Super-duper, get them cougars, took my wrist and froze it Super-duper hoes Y'all got Oompa Loompa hoes I ain't never knew ya hoes Prolly still ran through 'em though Oh, wait, wait, wait, I, I do know your ho? You talkin' 'bout, you talkin' 'bout Tracy?
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah You mean like, like, Tracy with the ass? Tracy with the, with the Honda? Well Oops! baby Fuck up on your bitch, like oopsie daisy Never knew that was your boo, baby "Gravy hit my bitch"
Yeah, whoopsie daisy I just had hit, it's my duty, baby Sippin' on the goose like Boosie baby Oops, my fault I fuck her, send her home, I don't let her wipe off Fuck and send her home, walkin' funny, my fault I forgot the rubbers, oops, livin' life raw I'm about to nut, oops, in her eyeball
Now she got the number, bitch feelin' like bae I just said I love her, oops, what did I say? Now she want kids, want kids in her face, oops Oops, my B, excuse my V And you already know I'm finna lose my peace Get pulled like D, get loose like leaf Can't lose my sleep, kick up my feet like I blew my knee Oops, I'm me
Oops, I hit it again then flee "Gravy hit my bitch" Yeah, whoopsie daisy I just had to hit, it's my duty, baby Sippin' on the goose like Boosie, baby If I want your bitch, I'm gon' fuck Try to run up on me, good luck Gravy in the building getting bucks
Got bread like Scrooge McDuck Lil' bitch, I'm happy and I know it so I clap them fuckin' cheeks, yeah I'm bustin' on yo mama, look like Frosted Mini-Wheats And I'm happy she's a freak bitch, I been on my tweak shit I be clappin' cheeks, she got Pixar mom physique My neck, my back, got your momma on my sack My checks, my racks, it's the return of the motherfuckin' mack And I stay with the pack, though
Clap, clap, then I'm out the backdoor Lil' Pillsbury, I stack dough Walkin' with a limp like a crack ho Yeah, I said oops! baby Fuck up on your bitch, like oopsie daisy I just had hit, it's my duty, baby Sippin' on the goose like Boosie baby, Weezy Gravy I just had to hit, it's my duty, baby
Iye aye X4 Baby I must confess Loving you feels good it ain't gat no stress HMMMMM Girl I want you tonight Baby girl you should know my love is All for you you yeah yeah Baraasia ohh
Baraasia ohh Just give me love ohhh baraasia Ohh baraasia ohh Baraasia ohhh Just give me love ohhh girl Just give me love ohhh baraasia X2 Wanna be the one for you I wanna be the one that you call when your lonely girl o
Incerc sa m-asigur ca nu rupe slitu' Canta la pupitru face 25-u Sagetile, plicu' imi aduc profitu Te bag pe un timbru Pe pizde is singur Ce ai lipit in linguri ? Coca Cola simplu Pentru unii ii simplu
I'mma make you choke, ho Pretty hard to swallow This nothin' like you used to Everybody suck on my dick, you know Keep fittin' 'em in the back of the throat Keep fittin' 'em in the back of the throat Keep-keep fittin' 'em in the back of the throat Yo-Yo-You and your mans, m-me and my friends
Do-doing ratchet shit, in the big bo-body Benz Pockets on loud, bottles on the yacht Cold like the ceiling, ba-ba-back of your neck Yes, I'm on some heavy ridin' in my black box Chevy And my style is so Iggy ain't no bitch can even get me I-I-I-I put 'em in a choke hold I'mma make you choke, ho Pretty hard to swallow
This nothin' like you used to Everybody suck on my dick, you know Keep-keep fittin' 'em in the back of the throat We-We-West Coast chillin' so I call him James D-Dean Ba-bad motherfucker, m-make me wanna cut ya G-good for the night, but when the party don't touch ya I-I-I'm the queen of the castle, master Tip on my hat to ya little bastards
Alright Lemme talk to em I'm in the crib eating calamari Heard you was talkin that shit now you sayin sorry Got a Hawaiian plug he be sayin gnarly "Aye does BasedNas miss?" Well if I do then hardly Copped the new Honda civic you copped the Rari *In French*
I'm in the crib eating calamari Heard you was talkin that shit Now you sayin sorry Got a Hawaiian plug He be sayin gnarly And I stay with my dog you would think he Marley Caught this fig big ass asbestos you would think he Carly "Aye does BasedNas miss?" Well if I do then hardly
And I just been thinkin like we been doin this for a while Where we gone take it you feel me like How far with this we gonna go Cuz you know I feel like What's good Kwezo And I think its about time I tell you I love you And I really don't wanna put nothin above you When you're not with me, I just wanna hug you
And I don't even care if I sound like a simp Girl you gotta slick back I ain't tryna be no pimp And I swear those days they are long over I need an SRT while you drive the rover Cuz I'm only thinkin like baby you like everything I really need In a young nigga life right now you feelin me like you know what I'm sayin? All I'm worried about right now Im trying to getting this money You tryna get to it with me
Like some of it you know what I'm sayin you feel me? If I don't check it in its gonna go away I wanna take you out, baby do your hair I got some good news that I wanna share Fuck up that bodega lets do a double dare Just look at me, while I send you a stare Need you to feel this shit, look me in my eyes I'm at six flags and won a grand prize
Roses are red you feel me and violets are blue you feel me But don't nothin really match it but you Wanna take yo ass to London like Lancey Foux Say you never got a trip lemme tie your shoe And I think its about time I tell you I love you And I really don't wanna put nothin above you When you're not with me, I just wanna hug you And I don't even care if I sound like a simp
There is no ocean Without you There is no shore There is no heaven Can't take no more My world is empty My night's are long I'm lost and lonely
What's right is wrong There's no tomorrow No light of day There's no excuses I'd go away You left me waiting I couldn't see You're my friend
You're part of me You left me waiting I couldn't see You never loved me You never cared I'll miss you forever And times we shared And the times shared baby
Why you acting crazy like you don't even care baby Why you wanna act like a thug when you ain't baby Be with you I just wanna be with you I just wanna be with you I just wanna be with you, yeah I won't turn back on you no more Cuz I really want you my mi amor
Perfect in every way I see no flaws I really can't wait no more no more I really wanna be with you Really wanna be with you Out with the old and in with the new You're my next heartbreak That will make it two I still wanna be with you
You and I be goin' for a really long time now I know, I love you What you tryna say? Get to the point, come on Baby I'm not tryna be a dick, but I need to be Baby, you don't even cook or clean Like, what the fuck? Baby, what the fuck you thought? You was just gon' be livin' on my penny all time?
You don't even got your own business What the fuck, girl Now you tryna sell your pussy too What the fuck is wrong with you? Like, what the fuck? What the fuck is wrong with you? Toast it to this Can't fuck no broke bitch
I keep it real Don't get mad at me You wanted one thing But you took everything I want the best for you But you don't want shit for me Toast it to this Can't fuck no broke bitch
I keep it real Don't get mad at me You wanted one thing But you took everything I want the best for you But you don't want shit for me Yeah Gotta a lot of my plate
And the nigga ain't straight Can't touch it, it was fake Gotta make my days Gotta make this cake Gotta hang on my mates Gotta set these shows Gotta make shit go So we can eat
I don't be shittin' on you Why you shit on me? Get out the house Make a name, do some I support you but you ain't got none I stay silent when you won't be sayin' nothing I know you leave if a nigga had nothing Shut the fuck up, Zi
Tuk@nib s@bri-q@rarim Ol m@nim yarim Tuk@nib s@bri-q@rarim S@n canavarsan, s@n canavarsan Bil, s@nd@n dovsana yar olmaz S@nd@n dovsana yar olmaz Cunki s@n canavarsan Ay dovsan, ay dovsan
Ay dovsan, ay dovsan Qacma, s@ni sev@r@m Can kimi b@sl@y@r@m Qacma, s@ni sev@r@m Dayanmaram, ay qaqas Yaninda var al-alabas X@b@rdaram isind@n Qurtarmaram disind@n
I told her shut the fuck up if she bool I might buy her a mansion and buy her Mercedes Why would I do it? She driving me brazy like I was Miss Daisy on God it be daily I still got voices inside of my brain say, "If you say you love me, you probably hate me" Got the big blowers on me like Xavier, this ain't a game homie, why would you play me? Grinding like they teeth, and I turned my life around, yeah fifty-fifty, the Ollie one-eighty Hopped in the pussy, I'm 'bout to go brazy, but back in the day she was not finna date me All in my DM's she wanna Airbnb, I turned that bitch into Barnum and Bailey's Bitches be bopping like Barney and Baby, I'm balling lil' bitch while you stalking me brazy
Half of these niggas they talk like they brazy, but acting like John Wayne and I'm more like Gacy Without all that pedophile shit, better settle down, I pull the metal out, rock like the 80s You lie to your bitch, but I keep it a buck when I say that I'm 'bout to go talk to the lady I make her pussy pop like a '380 then dodge her like Farnum and hop out '680 My bro called it in and your squad acting shady, you ain't 'bout that life like aborting a baby Try'na be sober, I bottle that rage and don't offer me 'caine, I am not an old lady I might sell that shit again I got a navy gun, more drip than water, might drown I'm too wavy I just woke up with a gun in my face and my bitch over top of me asking a lot
Told her those hoes in my DMs don't mean nothing to me, with 'em I be capping a lot Probably some opposite with a fake page that just wanted to be was I brackin' or not What you don't trust me? I took it and told her "You're lucky that you don't get slapped with the Glock" 'Bout to go brazy in Neiman's again I got myself I don't need any friends She don't smoke weed but she's constantly breathing it in when she riding with me in the Benz Fuck up your block and then bleed it again Like a lighthouse, I be keeping it lit
Regular rules ain't applying to us, if there's no guns allowed then we sneaking them in Call up my jeweler, I'm 'bout to go brazy, what you make in a year I can spend it on J's Wet like a river, I make her legs quiver, you up in my closet, this drip like a lake Look at my racks and I look at my Rolly like it might be time to go get me a safe Now that I'm up, she want me to come fuck but when I was down bad she ain't give me no play 'Bout to go brazy while pouring a pint I could be getting $140 a line You ain't got nothing to show for your time, what the fuck you expect when you don't even grind?
Another gloomy day Lifeless railway Ominous haze around ya Engulfs like bird of prey Feeling low and depressed Going somewhere fast I`m not sure what I should do In my life next
All these fakes looking dead Wanna run so bad Don`t forget to leave something For being yourself I`ll be alright I see what you have done It`s all inside Your empty heart and blood
Come and wait in line Come and wait in line, yuh Ready for my time yeah, ready for my time yeah Come and wait in line Come and wait in line yeah I'm ready for my time cause your time is up And you gotta step aside cause I'm coming up No no
Ain't no way you gon stop me now Ain't no way you can hold me down Rain outside, but the hoodie on Focus on myself and nothing more I remember all the days I was kicking in doors I remember all the days I was sleeping on floor Every-time they tryna copy me I switch my flow And I'm ready for my time cause I'm sick of these hoes
Come and wait in line, yuh Ready for my time yeah, ready for my time yeah Come and wait in line yeah You know how time flies, you know how life goes bitch I can see it is my time even if you blindfold me I feel like I'm livin like the realest Took me ages but I'm ready now for all the real shit Started from the bottom tryna make it to the ceilings
Never been in love Hope you understand What I've got to do, to prove it ? I love you What I gotta do ? yeah What I've got to do ? Yeah Never been in love
Maybe I'm 19 only, but million nights I alone spend I live in this world but my mind livin in hell They always teaching me, but yeah I remember what is cell Cell are the basic building blocks of all living things What the fuck you doing bro, shut up I bring some new things How I remember the common question, people are questioning I know this word play is so trash level, how you tolerate this Kill him and make him mad, so that he can't sing any fucking rap
His rap is not like our rap, he just dissing us million time fuck that Yeah, you laughing cause he doesn't know rap just fuck that But the boy who trying to be great, don't hate support his rap Remember, we live in independent world right now, I do whatever I like I know you hate me, cause you can't be how I like You always yelling rather you sing when you get mic Very strange that, some call it trash, some call it nice Yeah, They didn't get anything, so they think I'm fake
Your bad behavior always make me wake I like to do all the things with my full of confident I never afraid to that, cause I grow up with some brilliant I've also bars, I'll spread when it's time will come, take patient I just want your little bit supports not a fucking judgement I like your ass, more than fallen in love with you They fuck your whole track, end say they again fuck you Yeah, now I'm fade up with your flow, I'm drinking whiskey for you
Kada si me iza bine smarala za seks Nikome necu pricati, bila si ekstra Na mojoj kiti skakala je tvoja breskva Karlica mi trzala, mnogo si vesta Bila si mi vestica, ja sam bio vestac Znaci magicna ce nam biti deca Popela si se na sto i postala si 200 SLATT
Onaj sto te jebo, bebo, letim sedmo nebo Cuka srebro, nemam rebro, kitu grebo, nisam trebo Kada pitaju me ko sam, ja im kazem da sam onaj Tebra, Mijat je na traci Mala sisa ko komarci Ne svida mi se, ja bacim 7/24 sljakam Ali nista prije braka
Bah bah black sheep 1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep hey sheep Bah bah black sheep Is there even a black sheep Is there even a black sheep Plane runway I'm bout to run away Take me I wanna be free Wanna be lost in my thoughts
I just wanna be caught in the slumber that suits me I need you to tie the tow to the ship It is official It is a boat We don't need car keys I'm a swimmer it's all in my genes The demeanor is Oliver reed Hellraiser
Pullup poop Wow That is a palindrome How much you want me to buy Cook with your pan Sayonara I don't want you to learn Say your nervous IV stack in your hand Tuck in your tongue
Drink in a fight now you taking a punch Ooh the chains are not strong enough for the pain You will cry but and the pain will still Remain I just did a session with 2 pack and Eazy-E I think the pope is relocating to Eastleigh Wait wait wait what I got carried away easily but every dream has a meaning I guess Hi you
We are alike and I like that So you are a night cat Can't sleep huh Me too So I decided to do what I love and write this track And These thoughts are like a mailman taunting a bad dog He can't run cause his back is a bag full of bones
They want that The dog's not the bad guys Boom boom Baghdad I'm anticlimactic like that Do you like that Mmh It's a staredown between the tip of ma pen & ma notebook The rhyme is inbound the impact is really not good A billy mandy outlook
The grim is out to get your soul better repent or your puff A wrong cook mix the Cereal with dog food So I could break fast in the morning Silence I'm not muzzling Not tight with the calling Well well well well Am I dreaming already
Now I'm again come back with another story After revenge I made nothing, so I've no glory Listening some track from Broda V, I feeling now myself I'm like Carryminati Obviously I'm remember all, but I'm forget Rob C Now I'm again come back with another story After revenge I made nothing, so I've no glory Listening some track from Broda V, I feeling now myself I'm like Carryminati Obviously I'm remember all, but I'm forget Rob C
I take all the mistakes, I can go faster not slow They don't follow my lyrics they just concentrate on my rap flow What the fuck you know about real rap you judge my flow I offended about you bitch cause you just hate me They said they like hip-hop too much, but they interest too much in melody Some is obviously good singer, some garbage is lyrically Ok, I agree, you're the best but do you ever listen Mr. bali? Yes sometimes I want to kill them virtually
They just show up, they can't anything that they can carry Badshah copy flow, every motherfucker started copy In fact whole Indian can happy, but fuck this, I can't happy Dropping existence, I'm not bored I'm not happy My talent is so harmful and I'm not only JAY-Z Yeah, I'm not interested in melody I'm interested in action My language so easy and simple, so hope you understand Taking twenty thousand followers actually what I won
They tried to won the entire rap game but they have none They just yelling on the mic and think the song is so cool Your rap not make you cool, you just become a fool Motherfucker rappers like to bring some girl in their rap Something to killing me The inability to pin humility I'm trying to get dollar tree But I'm lost my key
But I'm still trying to be free I'm too angry Cause everyone think I'm empty I'm not impressed with beauty I'm that rapper who never qualified, but trying to all the time to get fame I know you can't understand me, cause I'm too fast don't blame You don't understand me, what I say in speed, you know English no, it's shame I ask you a question, give me answer not the run around
Pour me a shot, drink 'til I faint What did I do? Lost in a maze Outta the blue, covered in shame Covered in shame, covered in shame Run into flames, now we all stuck If you're thinkin' it'll last, it won't Sounds sweet in the mornin', it don't Know you want me to feel, but I won't
If you're thinkin' 'bout callin', then I'm not the good type, I'm not your housewife Love you for one night, I do what I like Here for a good time, not for a long time Starin' at the phone, waitin' for a text that I don't want Hate your presence a little less than I hate to be alone Can't remember what I did, you a face I won't forget Not because you're somethin' special, you're just tied to my regret
Walkin' through the sand, fallin' through a hourglass Fell forever in a flash only when a hour passed Feelings deep inside I'm not harborin' for you It's a feeling that I wasted precious days from all my youth If you're thinkin' it'll last, it won't Sounds sweet in the mornin', it don't Know you want me to feel, but I won't If you're thinkin' 'bout callin', then
I'm not the good type, I'm not your housewife Love you for one night, I do what I like Here for a good time, not for a long time I don't think you should call my phone 'Cause the truth get told when the drink too strong I don't think you should call no more I'ma block your phone, I can't get involved I don't think you should call my phone
We so VIP, Go head take a sip Cruising on the strip, Let's go take a ride Aye we too legit, We don't even try 100 meter dash, on the track, Where we at tho, Don't be tryna smash, on the gas, Just relax yo, They say don't be gone for too long,
We be back yo, They so don't be above average, Feeling like a classic, Chorus : Let me tell you what I'm feeling like, Cool How everybody trying to feel tonight, Cool It's Cool They like, who is that
Just try to relax, Cooling out, Pull up to the back We just in the cut chilling I got a gut feeling They ain't get enough We having fun with it Got me feeling like a couple stacks Don't you hit me up, I'ma call you back
This is how it feels when you living that Good good life I'm just living that good good life I'm just living that good good life Gold shades tinted, yeah I got the right vision yeah I won't let ya down, yeah we bout to paint the town Got the people all around, we been surfing on the crowd We them cool kids with the roof down
Yeah we let loose, so lighten up, breaking rules now Yeah we wild' out, out the house, with the tunes loud On the top of the clouds, looking round Yo how we ever getting down Oh, I'm just going with the flow Aye you just gotta let me know I think that it's bout' that time to go One time for the gram though, go head strike the pose
Got the city on lock, they ain't seen nothing like it Got whole spot popping, ooo it get so exciting Had the time of your life, can I get that in writing And tell em' everybody's invited I'm having the time of my life Everything is going all right Ooh I just made em' look twice This is how it feels when you living that
It's not exaggerated I just had to say it Look at how we, graduated Couldn't hate it they wanted to We living without a limit Yeah do what we want to do now Throw your hands up one time They think that we lost our minds
Run away. Never change. Never break, ayy I got shades. Face kick. Johnny Cage, ayy Like a zombie, I just want the fucking brain Bitch, I be like, "Run it up." I don't really give a fuck Diamonds sunny. Philadelphia. Bitch, I got the blade, like yeah Bitch, I be like, "Run it up." I don't really give a fuck Diamonds sunny. Philadelphia. Bitch, I got the blade, like yeah I got some ice on my wrist. Okay
I whip your bitch with the pistol, ayy She sucked my dick and you kissed her, wait Ain't homophobic, but bitch, you gay I got some ice on my wrist. Okay I whip your bitch with the pistol, ayy She sucked my dick and you kissed her, wait Ain't homophobic, but bitch, you gay Everything above your neck is gonna be a fine red mist
Ayy, yeah, ayy. Bop! Bop! Bop! Bop! Bitch, I'm counting bands. New Vegas. Vegas Bitch, I'm counting bands. New Vegas. Vegas Bitch, I'm counting bands. Blue faces. Faces You know that I came in with the strap and the blade, bitch Nah lil' kid. I do not want saving. Saving I aim for your fucking head. Now the walls got brains, bitch And your bitch like a ghost. She scary
All these kids just copy like Gary And I make them all bloody like Mary Bitch, I'm lost in the sauce like Perry And the diamonds all wet like dairy And the bitch, I will not marry And these kids are soft like a berry And these kids are soft like a berry Bitch, I'm just like Benny. I make bands in New Vegas
Now you're sorry I got hoes all on me, yeah Old hoe asked "Money, you still love me?" No She wanna fuck with me now You looking sorry Now, I got hoes all on me Hoes out here be acting like your friend, bro They say you're cute but keep you in the friend zone
They make excuses like "I got a man, yo" But when it's time to eat They hit you like "What's the plan, bro?" Hoes must be out they mental I pull up in that Benz I'm in her box just like a bento She can't hear me when I'm rapping But I sing into her ear
I get behind her and start clappin', yeah Back in the day, none of these hoes fucked with me Now they all wanna chill inside the Double Tree She asked if I could take her 'cross the country She told me she in love with me She tryna be my family no, no Now you're sorry I got hoes all on me, yeah
She wanna fuck with me now You looking sorry Now, I got hoes all on me Yeah, they all love you when you're doing good Behind your back, they're wishing that you never make it out the hood, no 800 unread texts They say they miss me When I'm cruisin' through your street
Working hard on ya grind Really gotta get ya papper Feed your fam Tell them that u see them later On my route to my dreams I don't need no favors Thank the lord we just made it Life is the reason ain't it
Or the money got u thinking What about ya kids How u gone pay the rent Double shifts have u sick What the fuck is this Job be on some busta shit Gotta wake up to the suffering Lord give me strength I'm under it
Cause I ain't really for the sucker shit hit the clock then I'm punching in only here for the money shift Put my hours in then i gotta dip Nigga work We gone blow up like dynamic Been trapping my whole life Kinda of hate it here Cause a young nigga know right I sold it all night
Ain't no time to sleep The money we put away I'm take my chances To get rich and roll the dice We came from the low life But look at the blessing The path is so bright Waited my whole life
All the times I've been neglected I've should've been rejected I knew the love was fake All the times you leave and stay It wasn't genuine from the start But shit, you broke my heart But now we grow apart Wasted, I wasted all my time
Wait wait wait Why these niggas hating Choppa hold a 30 clip like this was Golden State I just need a bitch that could just meet me halfway I don't need that bitch cus all that bitch know is take I just dropped some niggas they was getting in my way Everytime I need help they MIA I just dropped some niggas they was stealing off my plate
I knew that you played me from the start Lets take a vacation off to the moonlight Where we both shine bright Yeah you know that's right I feel like you hate me Maybe its just my anxiety I been through so much This don't feel like me
Drowning in my thoughts This don't feel alright Conversations in my head We just had a fight Found a new girl Wait till we reach the light But when you leave Uh please don't start a fight
Huh? Yeah, I got too many I got too many In this ho with Plug I got too many Let me call my plug Too many, too many Too many I got plug after plug, plug after plug
I got plug after plug, yeah Let me call my plug Too many Uh, a fast car and a fast broad She wanna fuck with me 'cause I get it faster Can you put that on your soul, put that on your bro? You'll never chase a ho, count them big bankrolls My big bank never fold, my big bank never fold
Louis V right on the kicks Talking down, you know the risk Yeah, with the gang, we finna hit a lick Lick, huh, lick, huh, lick, huh Saying you got money, can't flex like this, huh, this, huh You wanna ride with me, let's roll Heart feel too cold All this pain, baby, I know
Say you love me, well then show it You know I turn up, I'm so lit Ice on the neck got me froze, bitch She like, "Lil Fazo, you so rich" Had to boss up, had to glow, bitch, yeah Yeah , okay, yeah , okay, yeah Spazz out, spazz out, spazz out, yeah Going fast, yeah, with the top down
And she play me like I'm a clown Told that ho to kick rocks, move around Man, I'm silent, I don't make a sound 'Til I hop on the beat and scream loud Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Alexander when I walk, huh Feel like Faygo, been trapped in a box
I cannot share with all of these thots yeah They be federal, mess with the opps, yeah Yeah, I told shawty peep my wrist, huh Louis V right on the kicks Talking down, you know the risk Yeah, with the gang, we finna hit a lick Lick, huh, lick, huh, lick, huh Saying you got money, can't flex like this, huh, this, huh
Iyanu ma'shele soonest Oya ema go ke de ma fo emi ika pata to the fullest Ibile to the fullest Iyanu ma'shele soonest Oya ema go ke de ma fo emi ika pata to the fullest Won ni ati were bo Ama ti were bo Won ni ati were bo
Emi'ka emi tin da oro yapa mehn oro tinba Won lelelele won ti ba Eni da ju mi lo olohun oti da Mo ma fi yin la'gba la'gba mo ma fin you lo'gbo lo'gbo Sicks Flowz bi eni to ni warapa Te'ba shi borobo ama shi baraba Ogede n baje lo e lohun po Omo ya golugo e lohun gbon
Ki le ti ri ki le to gbo emi lo'mo ton so o da pe e ti gbo Ema lo fi'mi we anybody, DJ Jimmy Jatt yato si Enimoney Rap ni mo ma ba sun la lale rap ni mo fin fonu every morning Ekilo fun kan se jejeje Won ri mi se na yo kelele Rakunmi yato si ketekete Tin ba bere won ni moti ke'gbe ke'gbe Flow with easy oti sure ju
I go blow like breeze do like that I can do like this bet you can never find A Nigga like me of course no nigga like me Emi ika yen tin gbe nu mi bia Bi mo se feyin gan o de'nu mi bia Awon emi yen tun to gbenu mi bia Changing my flows and my hoes from my head to my toes Loju won se lo dabi ala
Yah, were wa lara mi bi ti lapa lapa Mi o wa'ye wa rush bi ti japa japa CEO me I no be rapper rapper Lo bi Taye Kenny Idowu taba'laba Top with the flows bi ti daga daga Young boy to n pe ni baba baba That's why they don't pull me on They can't pull me on
Eruku po won to million Omo mi ni won I'm killing the track just for fun Boy to lo'wo nla ologo nla Boy to n dobo nla I want to fuck with the beat Fuck it up Flows to lo'ko nla Pheelz lofun mi ni beat
Yomi lo funmi ni link Mofe jabo Lori beat ko'mo mi le pawo everyday of the week Nobody fuck with the team When I dey come with the team Ema japa bi ti bread to ko somi nobody chop with the tea Omi dudu foju jaro omi dudu foju jaro ko le re'shan re'shan Moti make e bia Oju ti yi bia pelu gbogbi werey te so te so
Hate me 'cause I'm the enemy Break me. You ain't a friend of me I only love god when He's ending me Leave you in the cage when he's done Leave you in the chains just for fun She's been tryna 'scape. She can't go Now her heart is broke and her soul Break me in front of family
Hate me 'cause I'm the enemy Break me. You ain't a friend of me I only love god when He's ending me Leave you in the cage when he's done Leave you in the chains just for fun She's been tryna 'scape. She can't go Now her heart is broke and her soul She's been running. Running from her fucking problems
But she can't seem to escape Hate me. Break me, motherfucker. Break me But lil' kid, I can't be replaced Darkness over light. She's stuck in cages I know I'm the one that's insane She's been plotting something. All these years for nothing Except to have her run away Ayy, ayy. Keep her locked away
Tell me calm down, act I'm gon' change a thing I've been chasin' things Like amazing grace You can tell me it don't me it don't work but ima come in Jesus name Ima do the same thing I've been with my same gang Im surfin' waves, shout out to wolf I'm doing things not in the book
I'm layin' in the dirt I'm slain in a hearse I'm prayin' in the church But it's only gettin worse Now, momma knows her word But daddy's love hurts Can't take any worse And I finna go berserk
I'm layin' in the dirt I'm slain in a hearse I'm prayin' in the church But it's only gettin worse Now, momma knows her word But daddy's love hurts Can't take any worse And I finna go berserk
I've been through the ringer Let me tell you, homie, I've been through the ringer Thought I'd lose, now I'm a singer Singing praises Dancin' in the rain, no salutations 'Cause we never take a break Waitin' for the day to where we'll never have to wait To where we'll dance before we worship and we worship when we think
And now I'm living with a purpose I'm still young, but why'd I wait? Used to fall sleep in the sermons Hallelujah, wide awake Now I lay me down to sleep Pray that all my homies see The light that's shining inside me When I'm tired and I'm weak
When the sky feel like it's falling down I know where to find my solid ground No way You'll let me fall now Oh how You love, I'll stay around How do You love? A sinner like me I'm so unworthy I shouldn't see
Your lips your hands \ your mouth your touch I need you now \ the drought is up The count is up \ the sound is up I say keep up \ you fall behind You lost your way \ I lost my mind You force your hand \ you cross the line Your lost behind \ your walls of lies I'm in a mood \ you in my face
I set a tone \ you set a pace These bitches flippin on me day-e-a-e-a-e-ly Gotta tell um bitch you pay-e-a-e-a-e me Hey hey i wanna be your valentine Even when you get so out of line I wanna be your ooh oh Eeh- oh- eeh -oh eeh- oh eeh-oh My juju / on the bluetooth
I'm on youtube \ what do you do? Butterfly your tootsie roll just like a was a hutu Gunna buy a cooking show to fry up all this new dough I got the true true \ Shaka Zulu Papa Legba \ type of voodoo I shot the 2-2 \ snuck it through the curfew I'm here to hurt you \ sent her here to work you I'm here to serve you \ liquor and the word stew
Don't let it burn you \ or drip all on your turn coat Don't be singing in the cage that's what a bird do That's why i bring it to these ragers make the world move Hey hey i wanna be your valentine Even when you get so out of line I wanna be your ooh oh Eeh- oh- eeh -oh eeh- oh eeh-oh You roll the dice \ i know the life
You take your chance \ im cold as ice You throw the fight \ i'm so precise The show the lights \ the road the hype The gold the ice \ it won't suffice I need your lips \ your teeth your bite Your hips your grip \ your fist your fight Gotta tell um bitch you pay-e-a-e-a-me Everybody say
Ye ya! Uh! Ye! Ye nigga what's hannin'? Seventh letter of the alphabet, real G nigga no wagon All facts no cappin' ye Run it up check the tally ye Run it up check the standard ye
H-O-T, that is a thot I'm in a pot, P-O-T I'm tryna do it on camera, baby what's hannin' ye? P.O.V I be so hot leave you ashy, niggas can't handle uh That's on me, that's on me, that's on me, yeah I just landed in, the guap L-O-L I just landed in London My pockets be talkin' and jostling, singin' and shit, your pockets still humming
Blxckie he pass me the ball and I dunk it Or I shoot up the three Going dummy going stupid indeed Now charge up the phone, and Uber the freaks How do I keep this shit smoother than grease? I could tell you but you wouldn't believe Fuckin' with me, you bruise you bleed Now let that nigga count his money in peace
Me and the gang play catch and release Catchin' that hoe, send her back to the streets Oh, she tryna have a baby with me? Stupid ass girl, you as dumb as could be I be so fly like a fuckin' saucer ye, I am an alien Keep the bag in my shoe box Twin flame, I need two Glocks I be flyer than a eagle, you be flyer than a peacock
I need you to be gentle with me Life gets too stressful I still end up praying that you'll want me) Fall away with me, fall away Please don't let me go, will you stay I've been on my own, in my brain Gonna lose control if I stay Fall away with me, fall away
Please don't let me go, will you stay I've been on my own, in my brain Gonna lose control if I stay I know that I'm headed down Won't see tonight yeah I don't want to hit the ground Fear of heights yeah Fishing for a better day
LONG LIVE BIG LAX Niggas ain't had my back I was always giving them time I ain't never getting that back I gave you my trust, I don't give that outright Honestly I gave them love, and I thought it was nice But just cause they give you a hug, don't mean they won't bite Niggas trying to waste my life, away
I already got too much on my plate Had to say goodbye, no lie, no fake I told them thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great Hey When we was cool I hadn't found my way Hey Since then I've had many better days I doubted myself was filled with hate
I thought it was too late I'll give it to them straight Half of these niggas got by just being snakes yeah They fucked with me cause they saw the life I chase yeah They ain't think that I would notice nigga I'm awake yeah But all in all that shit was yesterday Promise you I'm in a better place Too many niggas left my life I swear that I can't be caught lacking yeah
Niggas I called my friends would rather see me in a caption yeah LONG LIVE BIG LAX Niggas ain't had my back I was always giving them time I ain't never getting that back Niggas say that we friends I swear to god they better stop capping yeah Don't ask me for shit unless you got bread then you can tap in yeah Niggas trying to waste my life, away
I'll do whatever you say Pennywise Ha, ha, hah, ha, ha, ha Ay, yah, ay, yah Ay, yah, ay, yah Pennywise told me killing spree,Killing spree, yes Penny Killing spree, yes Penny Killing spree, yes Penny Killing spree, yah
Killing spree, yah Mike: Now I dunno what it is But there's something about this town That's just evil All I know though Is that this place will be a lot better without you Henry,I've had enough of you racist! There is no way to coexist!
You tell me my family need to leave! My parents are dead can you conceive?!I watched them burn tried to break free! Its the only thing to scare me! So go try your worst I'm no baby! Or run home to abusive daddy!Hah come see me at neibolt street! I'll be downstairs with a receipt! To refund those beatings you gave me! You ain't soo strong with no posse!No not the bolt gun that's unfair please!
Psych here's a rock knock out your teeth! Near the well run at you at full speed! The last we'll see of you Henry!Bye Henry, no bully Bye Henry, you bully Bye Henry, you bully Bye Henry, yah Ay, bye Henry, no bully Bye Henry, yah
But I'm falling down Tryna' find a way But I can't get out Tryna' get away But can't live without you Live without you But I'm falling down Tryna' find a way
But I can't get out Tryna' get away But can't live without you Live without you Everything we did together Messing with me Yeah, girl You know that
I think I should try to move on Forget about you But when you come running back to me at 3 in the morning You're knocking at my door And the rain is pouring I don't know what to do, I'm sure I can't let you in my house 'Cause I can't forget all the shit you said
Then you try to hit me up with A simple message on my instagram DMs But I try to block you You keep making more accounts and stalking me I can't breathe without you in my life I can't live without you in my life Girl, you know that it's true Why did you do all the things you did to me
Braca dolaze s juga, moja banda je luda Cijev uvek je vruca, dim uvuci u pluca Brze pare, ludi kes, dobra roba, dobar seks 'Oces vutru ili flex? Daj nam Henny, daj nam Jack U casu ubaci led, kuci vodim riba sest U autu nam bace ples Jako puse vjetar juzni, u ekipi svi su ljuti Trnu ti zubi, robu dodi, preuzmi
Pare obrcem na gudri, stekovi puni Nama bar jedna kucka mora da se plazi Pazim kad se krecem, murija nas trazi Nemoj da nas ljutis i da pricas lazi Da te ne bi ispucali Sarajevo geto, prevreo beton Seme idu preko i ovo ljeto Veza stalno nam susti
Kenny Beats Sugar Trap Don't worry about a bitch who never been in your place Always move in silence, never question your fate Always check in on your niggas, gotta make sure they straight If I'm getting money, then you know we all got a plate Since a baby in her tummy, mama knew I was great They can't play me like a dummy, they know what not to take
Time is precious, that's the only thing I try not to waste She hatin' 'cause I'm up, you can tell on her face I been eating so much, I've been saying my grace When the times was rough, I would look up and pray Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today Oh my fucking God, smack a bitch today Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today New car, too fast, so I'm winning the race
Blast off, fast car, cool breeze in your face Don't hate on me bitch stay in your place "You rap about a Audi too much" Because my Audi paid off bitch, hush! Why she be yelling so much? If I see you in the street, bitch your ass is done I don't need your opinion Do what I fucking want
I'm blowin' up, bitch I'm getting paid Niggas are jealous I am getting hate 2k followers better than million fake I could care less what a bitch got say I'm blowin' up, bitch I'm getting paid Niggas are jealous I am getting hate 2k followers better than million fake I could care less what a bitch got say
I am runnin the race gimme some grace I could care less what a bitch got to say I'm goin' up, bitch, I'm gettin' paid Catch me on tour, thirty thousand a day Sauvage by Dior, this a hundred a spray Sauvage by Dior, it help me get laid Sauvage by Dior got me smellin' real great Comethazine probably fucked her in her face
I'm leanin' real hard, got a show and I'm late Comethazine show, so it's going to be great He said he want smoke, got a show in his state Got sticks on the bus, we not fuckin' with planes Pull out the Draco, send shots at your brain I can't love a bitch, all these hoes is the same Hit that bitch up when I wanted some brain She pulled the fuck up, then she left when I came
Testing, testing Alright, ay, ay We gonna do somethin' a little different right now Put your phone down, put your drinks down And put your pants up, alright? I want y'all to follow me Let's go to work To the left
Take it back now, y'all One hop this time Right foot, let's stomp Left foot, let's stomp Cha cha real smooth Go to work One hop this time Right foot, two stomps
Left foot, two stomps Slide to the left Slide to the right Reverse, reverse Reverse, reverse Slide to the left Slide to the right Now one, two, three check
Everybody break your neck How low can you go? Can you go down low? All the way to the floor How low can you go? Like can you bring it to the top? Like you never ever stop? Can you bring it to the top?
To the left Take it back now, y'all Right foot, let's stomp Left foot, let's stomp Cha cha real smooth Let's go to work Criss cross! Now one, two, three check
Yes, rude boy and rude girls alike How you mean? What do you say to Havin' one of them hell of a nights? Move it, baby We can make it larger than life Lead me, baby, yeah, yeah Need it, baby
Won't beat around the bush like they do Havin' one of them hell of a nights? Move it, baby We can make it larger than life Lead me, baby, yeah, yeah Need it, baby Won't beat around the bush like they do Let free be between us, you my Medina
A queen like Amina or Fatima Redeemer of passion, we both had compassion For the Black diaspora and all its vastness You in my plans, thinkin' of a master The essence of your dance, the truth in your laughter That I wanna capture and cultivate stature I'll be here for you 'til the hereafter There's a clear path to, to the love inside you
My name's Rashid, that means I'm a guide to We both are driven, that's why we arrive to A place where now anything we could ride through Time to be in front, time to be beside you I don't wanna move with nobody besides you 'Cause to know you is to want you and to need you And dem a gwaan like dem blind when dem see it Special to me
You greet dem with a smile, dem a wonder a wha sweet you Meditation high, negativity beneath you Stand up side by side on our own two feet Like his and her majesty when dem fulfill the prophecy And coronate as king and queen So the whole world can see the palace run on one policy Let the foundation be honesty And let us love each other honestly
Slap that bitch, made her a nice trip She want the mad drip, she want a mad trip Nigga with a drip drip LePurgeClique nigga Bokaroo nigga nigga I'm off the Audi road Fuck let's do it bitch is awesome! Oh baby let's go
You know these haters know me Oh spanish hoe I got some demons on me Don't wake me up please, don't wake me up please I got all the satellites on me, nigga free JX If you want an autograph I can sign your tits I don't no one fuck my psychologist I just need my pills and all my whole team, hey Bitches they see me and they panic
You get a very important quality Infact the central important quality for my argument Which any of you have ever taken these things Have experienced yourself And that's what I call boundary disillusion And here's the notion Its 2020 and I'm feeling my ambition And Im reaching to the top of my division
Is this reality or is it just a prison The truth is hidden now were trapping in the system I praised the lord and it gave my higher wisdom And thats the reason why I think I really pissed them You set a narrative that ends communication And then wonder why theres beef in every nation I'm feeling tired so I'm going on vacation All I'm taking is my own reputation
Im original your just a imitation I'm a student of the truth of revelation I love my dad he's intelligent and patient I was born in London but I'm fucking asian The ordinary momentum of primate evolution was interrupted And for a period of about who knows pick a number Somewhere between fifteen and fifty thousand years And ending about ten thousand years ago
We actually lived in a kind off paradime I'm flying out of space and I'm going on a mission I'm gonna clear my mind and let go of inabition My life is a movie and this is the audition I see a bright light and its shining out a prism I seen it for myself don't believe in superstition People think I'm weird ever since I had a vision I had to push the brakes I was heading for collision
I have a nine to five but at night I'm a musician You can't see the truth it is part of the condition Keep a open mind then make up your decision Listen to your heart always trust intuition Or that has even been called the nostalgia for paradigm I believe we have this nostalgia for paradigm Because we are the victim of a fall I hate city life were just swimming in pollution
Kid Ocean Aye Aye you already know who it is DaggDDF HUUUUUUHHH, yeah, yeah yeah, HUUUUUUHHH Aye, Aye HUUUUUUHHH HUUUUUUHHH HUUUUUUHHH HUUUUUUHHH I'm not good well actually I am I took your girl to bed and I was like UH UH HUUUUUUHHH
Remember Juice WRLD made that song called Bandit?, I sound like that but a little more bandish HUUUUUUHHH HUUUUUUHHH Every time I make a roast the only thing I say issssss HUUUUUUHHH YEAHYEAH HUUUUHAHAUUHHH We're half way through this song is the most thing I said was? HUUUUHAHAUUHHH Yeah, Yeah, HUUUUUUHHH Yeah I'm better then Sheck Wes even Lil Nas X I'm coming for ya
If I had the money Would that make you love me? No Would that make you love me? Oh, oh Baby If I had the money Would that make you love me? No Would that make you love me? Oh, oh I couldn't, I couldn't love
Tell em where ya from man! Uh! Majha side Oh Kithe Rakha Maal Aye Agency Labdi Gabru Di Gaddi Cho Currency Labdi Chober Di Age Aye Aa Sawad Lendi 1 Lakh Dollar Di Ride Rakhi Aa Shoukran Na Karke Lift Chaki Aa Ainy neat Gaddi Jime Dhoop Lishke
Gabru Toh Allhdan Di Akh Tilke Oh Aaj Kal Duniya Vi Had Kardi Rumour'an Nu Dekh Sanu Judge Kardi Kam Na Creat Kiti hype Soniye Baki Mera Bhai Gurjant Saab Da Wahzir da maan Guri Gill Rakh Da Ganeya Ch Chober Na Dhil Rakh Da Charde Te Lehnde Munda Kare Jaap Ni
Kise Kise Naal Mail Te Milap Ni Kehnda Na Kahonda Kade Vadh Ghat Ni Bhale Gabru Da Saac Tu Caneda Di Kude Ni Ahye Jimewari Meri Bebe Di Kude Badeya De Kehne Cho Na Bahar Chaleya Sahi Gall Aye Tahi Aaj Dekh Poori Bale Bale Aa Akhan Kadde Anti Nu Te Honi Toh Darhe
Ho rob painda pura jagge jatt vangran Sukh mantole jea gussa paleya Majhe aala majhe aala pau karne Dekh li tu chetti goreyan te kaaleyan Yaaran diya fikran ch din langda Rakhde na taang munde kise hor di Sandhu da ae honsla rabb varga Kehdi galon fire fikran ch jhooldi
Accha khud hi!!! Rawnny Eazy on The Track Bitch, Chal kapat pe zindagi nai meri Par kaand karne me zindagi nai meri, Gaane mere dikhte nai kisiko par jab Dikhte to hote feel jaise Ghost Bloody Mary!!, Banda mai aisa jo haq ke liye ladta hai Apno pe marta hai kisise nai darta hai, Jo bole ladka ye halka hai mai samajh gaya tu hater mera mujhse jalta hai,
But ye chele ta na Bhaalo Bitch, Aar Tumi Ki Jaano!! Mai Grove Street Member fuddu rappers hai Ballas mere enemy, Rap game bana Resident Evil Zombies bane rappers bana mai Leon Kennedy, Ye track maine cook kiya aisa ki chak ke bolenge kya hai iski recipe?, Hard af beat dope puri melody, unpopularity,(aye,aye Chiz bhi sound kare Popularity, Fake shit karta nai fake shit,
Shikshit ho thoda shikshit, Drake shit that's not a Drake shit, Karunga mai diss na ki sneak diss, Par kyo karu karke mai maatha pissed off Dante waali unlimited ammo pistol ki ye flow Har shot beta mera killshot!! Hip-hop me Karunga Notch yeah Aage jaake lenge GT Ford Yeah
Maujan hi mauj for saukhan mai khaake bola Saareyan de lab vich apna hi naam yeah, We doin crimes with rhymes yeah, ain't not signed yeah, Tryin hard to make our future shine yeah, Ain't not signed yeah x1 Aarame aaye korish na tada tadi Hobe koshto hoye jaabe bada badi Besi je korbi tui lapa lapi marbo aami toke eshe tor baadi But ye chele ta na Bhaalo Bitch,
khrws: wqtykhh mnwtw bhm hstym hstym twy ahng tslym tSwyrh Sly hstym z yn z yn bh b`d rp mykhwnym nzdykh nqdr asmwn aby nqdr Hlmwn `ly myshynm rw Sndly hy
wrs ykh: asmwn wl b mn asmwn dwm b wn hy , mybrh brwn hy , mybrh arwm hrshb b strh grmm Hl mykhnm Sdy rpm nqdr myznm lbkhnd
t dG bshh bdn hmyshh dwst drm fqT khh bukhnm strarw bGl khh mykhwnm wsTh qmr t byd ntyjh thmr hmyshh hstymw wl tw hw nsymw bGl h Hdh aql
hstm Sdrh jdwl khrws: wqtykhh mnwtw bhm hstym hstym twy ahng tslym tSwyrh Sly hstym z yn z yn bh b`d rp mykhwnym nzdykh nqdr asmwn aby nqdr Hlmwn `ly
myshynm rw Sndly hy hrchy khh mn mygm b wnh `shqh m bwdh , hh dwst drm bbynm yh br khh mygwyd asmwn bbr hmyshh mykhwnm Sd blndtr z wnykhh bd khh myyd any yj
bshh hmyshh hmyshh khwb bwdh mthh mjnwn bwdh khnrh mn bwdh khyly dwst drm brm bGlsh ah , khh drh pur myshh sabadish nqdr asmwn aby hi nqdr Hlmwn `ly ha
ha , nqdr asmwn aby , ha a arp bwlfDl bwlfDl arp arh wqtykhh Http://Instagram.com/abolfazlarp
Welcome to the place I dwell I sell you a bitch and she do you upwell We run this shit, it's our whorehouse hotel That putrid smell, it's decaying, rotting flesh If these hoes don't pay up, then the price is death Death, death that's all I give a fuck about Reach into your mouth, grab your lungs and turn you inside out No doubt, we're the pimps to these sluts
They fear the abuse and they know not to mess with us Just fuck, that's all your really good for Bring in that money, there's a reason that you are a whore Or decor, 'cause if you fail We'll skin you alive, hang your flesh from hooks and nails We have dead females and even dead kids ain't got shit on me Whoop that trick
Shouldn't ever stepped to me Not breathing, good I got a clientele for a cold pussy The kind you fuck 'til she splits And she don't get fuzzy Trust in me To accommodate all your needs My bitches they bleed for me, scream for me
Then I weed out the weak, critiquing hoes Like Marilyn Monroe Don't you know, I'm a master of necrophilia tableau Sewn out your blown-out hole I think you've outgrown our Bordello Of Hell Well, it's time to say goodbye to your prison cell My face of death, now go ahead and yell Won't work well
Fuck all your family and I'll stab ya man I spit on a pussy like what a rapper can I've got hands of steel, I've got flippin' ladder hands Still remember that time I got raped by a bitch called Anna Anne Some cunts think I'm a nonce because I've got a blacker van I'm so crazy I'll even kill ad-lib Chazer, man Shout out to "I Love You, Bitch", still wanna fuck you bitch Still wanna fuck your clit, suck your wrist, you suck my dick
I'm a genius, now get off my penius Every time I break the restraining order they scream "Please be leaving us" Have good sex, I be screaming fuck with an easy slut I infect your body, get on it like Goosebumps We fuck and break the bed with a loose thump Quick question, if you were in Bin Laden, would you pump? I'm so fucking sexy I can make a goose cum I fuck your bitch, make her my bitch
Fuck another bitch, make her my new bitch But then my first bitch gets mad because I've got another bitch So then I have to find some bitches that are okay with my having bitches But the bitches okay with me having bitches say that I don't have enough bitches So then I have to find more bitches, bitch But then all these bitches hate that I've got so many bitches And that's the circle of life, bitch Let me tell you about Big Chaz, bitch
They really want me dead, me dead and gone Stick inside my brand new Saint Laurent Diamonds on my neck, I'm shinin' on Uh, uh, shh, yeah Blast out Racks out Runnin' like it's track now Next I cop a Wraith
'Cause I'm up there with the stars now I can't fuck a hoe without a bag I don't know these guys they out sad Think they really want me dead and gone I could never ever ever fold, yeah Pause the beat, let it go People askin' Qwazii do a show Dropped a mixtape, now I got more hoes
That's my Saint Laurent I just copped a brand new Saint Laurent They really want me dead, me dead and gone Stick inside my brand new Saint Laurent Diamonds on my neck, I'm shinin' on Hey Don't be actin' crazy Brodie, don't be actin' lazy
All my fashion is the latest And we pull up in Mercedes I said racks out, that meant tags out Plastic bags of cash, I let it stack, I let it stack now Too much drip, can't ever trip I'm rockin' Raf now Came from Payless, now an A-list, I can't turn it back now Told her catch the red-eye 'cause I'm trynna blow her back out
All my niggas never change up, change up Man the lord just always saves us, saves us They tryna lock 'fore the grave does, grave does I find it funny how you gave up, gave up All my niggas never change up, change up Man the lord just always saves us, saves us They tryna lock 'fore the grave does, grave does When I die I'll realize I had more ties than a shoe lace
When I beat the odds I'm criticized but it's too late Keep them hatin' niggas on the watch like its blue ray Friends be the change in your pocket cause they two faced yeah I be moving low key Every time I step out it be four deep You told and fold you not homie 'Cause you don't know me 'til you know the old me yeah I swear I don't need you no
I'm still tryna live the same dreams Roll round my city yeah I'm with the same team Old .40's new .380's and we still same beams They be mixing, we be mixing but its not the same lean no How you go and switch up Swear that I been calling you, you never pick up I been telling you that money was coming u missed up Now it's rovers and cadillacs, we pull up in big trucks yeah
They mad mad cuz that check on me Heard ya man use to beat on ya Fuck ya bf cheat on him/ teach how to make the best from it Power up then ya step on it Step on it step on it step on it step Step on em step on em step on em step Step on it step on it step on it step Broward county ima rep on it
Catch u down bad we gon step on ya Betta call up ya people n check on em Referee put the tek on em I got dat work u can bet on it Coke was so good had to step on it Pussy so good had to sleep in it Dream chasin like im meek n dem Takin chances i can't speak on it
Gimme the beat ima tweak on it I got the streets ima bleed on it Fuck yo bf cheat on him Glock 9 wit da beam on it Sippin lean got me sleep on it Wake em up they was sleepin on me Big dawgs call me big homie Came soft put the wrist on it
But I brought them back just to kill them again Chhod jaane de woh toh uska verse hai original apna toh ham toh rakhein Thoda sa ga denge thoda macha denge kisiko farak hi kya hi pade Omen ka smoke hai bars toh coal hai har ek move ko kiya unfold hai Abhi toh pakdi yeh beat thi Inferno se badi heat thi Saamne jaake face defeat ki Lyrics toh likhenge mumblin flow se na karenge baatein na karenge bang Bars toh mere yeh kholenge tere yeh saare bharam aur tere yeh plans
Spiting the facts but you just tryna attack with a pan I got a plan to kill you with bare hands and watch you struggle and just collapse Dikhte toh tere yeh visions hai Lyric toh tere nhi written by somebody from your gang Gang se yaad aaya meri yeh team hai always got my back I should dice yeah gamble with my life yeah No invites yeah keep my circle tight yeah For the bros yeah i do not think twice yeah
Satan toh baccha hai uske saamne I'm the bigger devil mind that Gaano mein matlab toh poora hai balling no we're gonna play with the bat Bakwas se door hai lyrics apne homie where they rhymes find that You think you're the devil? I'll see that in heaven yeah I should dice yeah... wait this isn't working bro let's try something else I'm gonna go with the flow giving blows We're gonna keep switching the flows I don't care if we're old
I'm gonna rhyme on the flow We're gonna vibe on the floor They think they're the pro Let's show them the door Let's snatch their soul They lost their sole purpose That's the purpose giving us life We've all got our fights
Shoot a fuck nigga, smoke his ass like a pre-roll Left his body on the street, ho And then I hopped up in my two-seat, bitch, I had to dip the scene, ho Hook him up like a ring do Shoot a fuck nigga, smoke his ass like a pre-roll Aye on the street, ho And then I hopped up in my two-seat, bitch, I had to dip the scene, ho Hook him up like a ring do, ooh
No, no, you can't change on me and come back to this side They see that I'm going up, ain't mean to hurt they pride Put that to side Ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah Shawty say she fiending for my love right now, yeah, yeah Heard he talking crazy, tell that nigga pipe down Yeah, pipe down, uh yeah, pipe down Uh yeah, pipe down, uh yeah, pipe down
Yeah, pipe down, yeah, pipe down Bitch, you gotta sit down Ayy, pussy boy, you gotta sit down, yeah Wanna fuck 'cause I'm the shit now, hold up Wanna fuck 'cause I'm the shit now, yeah Huh, yeah, AK's in this bitch We got ruler clips, pussy boy, get dipped She say I'm so cold, I give that little bitch a chill, hey
Papi Chulo, te reto que vengas amor Papi Chulo, Pa-Papi Chulo Papi Chulo, te reto que vengas amor, solo tu y yo Papi Chulo, te reto que vengas amor, solo tu y yo Avec l'equipe je dig, vous, la jalousie vous guide Toutes nos story t'evites, qu'est-c'tu veux que je te dise Papi Chulo, Papi, Pa-pa-pa-papi Chulo Je l'vis quand tu le desires, ma cherie, on debarque au Bresil
Recherche de sensation, cocktail saveur fruit de la passion La-bas, posee, Copacabana, baila la Samba Mira, latina, nada le asusta, solo ella le gusta Solo ella le gusta, suco de maracuja Solo tu y yo Combien d'real', que des suites royales Restons bloques aqui, c'est l'ideal, c'est l'ideal Combien d'real', que des suites royales
The land of the hills and the grottos Welcome to the roadshow of the Nippon trio We're in the dome home, and wouldn't you know We got first class tickets to the royal zone I've got the flow, Chris got the pay My man Natsuki, tell em what you say A-S-O So much volcano
No volcano, no volcano Nowhere, nowhere, oh my god Now we're chilling at the peak of the volcano It looks kinda bleak, but it's okay though I'm with the bros Surrounded by the Sulphur clouds So brace yourselves cause it's about to get loud Too much volcano
No volcano, no volcano By the way, it's Natsuki's holiday A getaway to a far away place of stay Kurokawa black river like these tatami I like pizza, extra salami Nowhere, nowhere, oh my god We're in the Osen, my boys and I We be shabbing in the banks by the riverside
AJ ruin everything, he in here Iggy got the sauce, come and taste it in the kitchen Look inside my heart, bet you can't find any feelings Hit it all night, got no time for intermission Fall in love, I'm a drug, you might need an intervention Men inside my mentions shoot they shot but they keep missin' Take me on vacation, fuck you think? You must be trippin' All my haters got 'em shakin' in my presence like it's Christmas
Put a mistletoe above my ass for you to kiss it Now, is that right? Ho, is that right? Heard they catchin' up to me, ho, is that right? Bitches bent all out of shape when I pull up in Bentley truck Tired of paparazzi, but I'm fly, so I don't give a fuck Drive a hundred, let my window down, and throw some hunnids out Pop up on a bitch, like "What's all that shit you talkin' 'bout?"
Colder than the winter but I'm shinin' like the sun I ain't worry 'bout the press I can see you pressed, you a mess Watch your mouth 'fore I'm at you bitches' neck, yeah Now, is that right? Heard they catchin' up to me, ho, is that right? You think I'm trippin' off a bitch, then boy, you really don't know me I just been kickin' bitches off this rap shit, I'm a bully
Bigger dog and big homie, ain't no flaw in my Rollie Heard it all, then seen it all and ain't not talkin', just show me Ah shit, where the fuck was I when they got all rich? Feelin' like I wanna slap a bitch, you know my palm itch Matchin' gifts with Iggy so he make it to my call list Nasty with my bitches, now he askin' for menages Freak girl, freak girl, yeah, that's me I got all this money on me, but please, don't ask me
On my A game like the A team, I'm Mr. T Like the B team, Imma get ya B, you better BO-lieve You a C grade, You a C class, motherfucking meme Like Shaggy, use 1% on your whole team Euro Step on your block like my name Ginobli You better stopping capping, You can not motherfucking hold me Imma step back and shoot that shit like my name was Kobe You getting me aggravated, In-Tyson me to Knock you out
Wake me up Kill me an opp Wake me up Wake me, yeah Yeah, his mother died but we dont know how No expressions, just a sad wow Got a red wound, it hurts, ouch I've been depressed and chilling on the couch
No more flexing like watches or being iced out I've been talking shit but I'm living it now Everyone wants a feature in my school It's getting annoying and it isnt cool My heart is broken, it can't be fixed My voice is silenced, almost like a jinx I hate this shit whats going on Man, just shut the fuck up and let us go
They all blocking us in our houses So we can't visit our friends but our fucking aunties This isnt cool, this corona law is shit Fuck this shit and shut the fuck up stupid bitch Wake me, ayy You cancel a fucking german word Cancel culture turns into a fucking work I swear they are all fucking nerds
Ne mislim na Egipat, ne mislim na tebe, totalno si nebitan Ovo je vestina, a ja sam sedmi dan Mi kad banemo, znate sta sledi vam Vecito svez, Ziplok zauvek Jedno tristo ispod haube Sto brze da dodem po svoje, jebiga, zauvek hocemo bolje Mnogo sam fokusiran, ne dajem uzimam Dobar otrov sve sto konzumiram
Brzim kolima polako kruziram Kenjam, vozim barem dvesta Dok na fonu radim dve stvari Nikad necu prestati, mislim da shvaticete to jer Moji grizu Ne znam kakvi tvoji psi su, ali moji grizu Igra je ista, drugacije samo su glave i pristup Reperi mole me svakoga dana da pustim na miru ih
Da niste ni pisnuli, sjecemo sranje ko da smo hirurzi Suze ces vidjet na licu mi samo dok peku me sinusi, ay Bengeri su classic, sto kila izbacio, ne mislim na deadlift Bad bitch, mala bas je bad bitch , tri put za noc - hat trick Raste mi apetit Ne mogu mi klepit, stil je authentic Ne, zivot u metropoli ko da igram Monopoly
Javi oporbi ne pristajem na kompromis Oko mene krivi su mentalni sklopovi Slobodni robovi, a radim teror s Ristom Cek, cek, zovu me teroristom Cek, cek, linije citiraju, plus ime mi lobiraju ko da je Sveto pismo Cek, cek, zauvijek sam ovisan da svaki dan u lovi sam 10040, Zagreb, Tuzla, Novi Sad Jedna ljubav, tri grada, bim-bara-bum
Ja svoje vreme moram da unovcim Kazu cinim zlocin, nije Ri zao Al' kad mi strada dusmanin, nije mi zao Vi trepujete, ali kao Ja samo lomim, ja drugacije ne znam Ovo vozi, sumnjam da uhvaticete nas Baby face killah, lude finte, sve ih driblam Odrasto sa sevidzima, Sasa Matic - ne vidim vas
Scout Jentaz Daz Mwalimu, Ah! Hii record Yah Daz Nundaz Yah Nataka niwe na wewe hapo sista doo Umependeza pekee yako usiku huu
Na mavazi yako, unaniweka roho juu Verse 1: Daz Baba Kwa leo wewe njoo mapema, Utanikuta counter mtu mzima, mfukoni nina kama M nzima, halafu nje niko nime park yangu Beamer... Vipi... Haujui leo Uvae vipi , na kwenye party uje saa ngapi, Na kwenye party uje saa ngapi, anha' Na mahela'
Ila kuna mabinti wakilewa wamenikera Sure' Na mahela' Ila kuna mabinti wakilewa wamenikera... Verse 2: Mr. Blue Mami doh, Mami doh, Mami doh, Mami doh Shawty come and flow toka long time nakuita njoo' Oh o Oh o Njoo counter uliza nani kama Fabolous
B.I.G. pose yaani ni mna' kula glass Take it to snake chicks Take it to snake chicks Japo' wapo wengi ma chicks na wenyewe ma na midomo ya lips, of course ma miss no... Telling you doo' panda kwenye gari la bluu Tuka celebrate doo' tuka celebrate doo *Aina Noma* Anha'
Verse 3: Sajo Nimefarijika sana' tupo pamoja, ebu nibusu basi bila kungoja I love you...U... Skia dear' wewe ndo pekee' ambaye mimi nakuzimia' Funguo za nafsi yangu of course nimekuachia Ntafurahi' ukiwa wife, ntafurahi Au twende counter chini', tukampee "hi" Roy Niite Chupa
Usipende kuhisi zaidi ya kudadisi, haifai kumuita mtu wa mola, ibilisi Masela wangu wapo' jela kitambo, wanalalamika uswazi hawajafanya mambo Hawajui lini milango itafunguka, wasio na hatia waweze toka Adui au rafiki hadi sasa hajulikani, vipi mwanadamu achukue sheria mikononi Hata tukiulizana yupi anaeongoza kwa mema, usiku na mchana tutakesha' hatutamuona Usi hukumu mwenzako bila ya kujua, utakuwa unakosea Disa' kwani wote tumeletwa na mwenyezi' chini ya jua Usimhukumu yeyote yule' kwa ajili ya mavazi yake
Michezo ya hatari, pamoja na dhuluma Kiburi kwa wakubwa zangu walipo nituma Ndipo wazazi wangu walikaa chini wakafikiri, japokuwa mimi mkubwa' nianze skuli Ndipo nilipoanza la kwanza mpaka la pili' ambapo kamari na jeuri vikawa vimeshamiri Nikasogea sogea mpaka darasa la tatu, hapo nikazidi kuikata elimu katu katu Maombi ya wazazi na "Mswalie,mswalie, Mtume"' ndivyo vilivyonisaidia mi kufika la nne Ambapo nkakataa shule, nikawa nipo zangu tu maskani, huku niki tathmini mali za majirani Leo nikavunje pale' kwa tajiri fulani, ili mradi tu nipate chochote kinywani
Hakika nilifanya kila aina ya unyama Nnacho kumbuka Mama yangu alilia sana, hata Baba katishia kuniachia laana... Elimu Dunia' mwenzenu nilikataa... Elimu Dunia' mwenzenu nilikataa... Wash'kaji walikuwa wakija nigongea night kali Kamanda amka, tuende tukausake utajiri Hata kwa njia zile' ambazo sio halali' nikakubali, ni kawa silali Nafanya vile akili yangu ilivyonituma
Navunja mlango hata kwa Jiwe Fatuma Yeyote aliyeleta ubishi kutoa mali, alitolewa uhai, nlichokuwa nkitaka kwake kwanza ni masilahi Hauwezi kuamini kweli arobaini zake mwizi' siku hiyo kwenye kazi nimenasa kitanzi... Naishia gerezani... Verse 3: Afande Sele We ni mfungwa sasa' si mtu huru Ukilalamika sana utakuwa kama unakufuru' tu Lazima ujue' sisi ni vifaranga na maisha ni kama mwewe
Kila mmoja atabeba madhambi yake mwenyewe' imeandikwa Kama umekunywa sumu, sasa ya nini uombewe? Eh, sasa ya nini uombewe? Ah! Yay,yay,yay,yay,yo... Nime waharibia hadi ndugu na jamaa, nimekosa hata wakuniwekea dhamana Ndege mjanja asie naswa, nimeishia ukingoni Mabawa yamekatika, mwokozi mi simwoni Uraiani kurudi sidhani...
Wei Peng You Lai Wu Lai A Hao Zheng Wo Chinaman in Hoboken Wo Ke Yi Qu Dai Ni Shi Hai Xian Wo Ke Yi Dai Ni Qu Yin Pi Jiu Ling Dao Ni Fa Li Wu Bian Wo Zao Shang Qi Lai Hou Qu Mai Zao Fan Lai Dao Zhe Li Bu Bi Mian Qiang Mei You Shi Mo San Gang Wu Chang Huo Che Bian Dang
Dreamers; jacob's twins Wakamteua nabboth king Mishandle your chi u-battle maqueens Utahisi aje fatigue na njia ya mkato ni long dreams Mpaka sabato macho zirecord hyms Oh Geez,JUST FALL ASLEEP Forty winks for forty weeks Kando ya oak trees
Oak trees Our essence our function Fuddled Brethrens Get the message Tu- lessen our battles Bloodthirsty;Mbona tumeze daso Tume-bottle up shit kwa muscles Looking weak,self-assult
Forty winks kando fur-coat For forty weeks tuna-tackle Vitu trival kwa poetry,comeback ya Aristotle Diamonds up trigonometry kwa space shuttle Kwa storytellers riddled with a vague approach Mahali grass is always greener haze inaisha purple With my demeanor nabathe na Geisha kama couple
Two boys in the city Popping all the bags Under the eyes We have been sacked Freedom or friendship Let's just pretend it Me and Danny The bad boy, the bad guys
Ligh fire flame Same picture, same frame Different maims We are the same We are names Yonko Danny We are the same Not really one of the bunch bunch
Eyes with skies best friends for somewhat Dies in disguise tend cut not Saw you in the line Dawn down to fine She is drawn, she shines on the shrine Sea swan, must be her face that I lean on Where I must lie, lie under fear fog Yonko
Flow so smooth like a river Demons eating on my liver Don't need hoes not a fisher I be shining like some glitter Demons floating in my head spinning like a roundabout ye, they just keep on getting quicker Bigger bigger bigger I can't see no fuckin picture Don't want love they want the richer Don't stay long they like a sticker
Don't need them then I just kick em I got bars just call me snicker Only trusting on my mirror Only trusting on my mirror Don't open up like a zipper People like some lemon bitter Moving in silence wearing them sneakers Building my path issa bridge like a beaver
Heart be so cold it be colder than freezer Flow be so hot it gone give you a fever Gimmie that bread for all of that features Shaking the room like it is a seizure Doing the dash Ye get in my Beamer I got a family I wanna feed em Always so lost I say I'm a dreamer Blowing so quick I say I'm a creeper
Rule 3: Wrap your set and put your city on the map Rule 4: Get that paper pile and watch it as it stacks And number five stick together, we'll make it out alive Rule 6: Never, ever go to war without my tribe We gon' ride when they pull up, click back up Testin' my glia watch my whole click echo 30 Seconds and I'm 'bout to blow it up, yeah blow it up Your crowd is forming tell them all to throw it up, yeah throw it up
30 Seconds and I'm 'bout to blow it up, yeah blow it up Your crowd is forming tell them all to throw it up, yeah throw it- Rule 1: Never settle, stopin' workin' 'til it's done Rule 2: Hold your crown, stay fightin', never run Rule 3: Wrap your set and put your city on the map Rule 4: Get that paper pile and watch it as it stacks And number five stick together, we'll make it out alive Rule 6: Never, ever go to war without my tribe
The homes pulling up like we Billy Gates rich Ballers just messing around, our zone our town We watch how the kids, the grannies they frown Cause we got that style and we got that flow I mean excuse us please, you can't be mad It's not your fault, that you can't hang with us Changas' repping and we stepping, mans been trying to put us out all weekend We just chilling keep on flexing
Started schoolers, now a religion The Gs getting no sleep ordering cheez Thats right always first better follow our lead Motherfucking snob nose about to sneeze 24/7 got the trigger ready to squeeze I'm just playing, we ain't no gangstas But don't mistake us for no fuckin ballers Shooting that 3 pointer on your face
Catching you slipping you on slippers Driving past you pussy bitch in slow mo Jay's boutta catch you off guard mofo Racks racks racks we talking buckets Dropping 20s every game Dimes dimes my middle name Got that drip call us trend setter Yeah please don't test us motherfucker
Motherfucker I get my bags together Get my stacks together Big bags getting to the racks Baby drop it down for them Benjamins Roll a quickie for the vibe Take a shot for the night Got the bitch for the night
Riding 'round town in a damn Mercedes No, I'm not no game baby, you can't play me I am not a card baby, you can't trade me I was just calling you back To, uh, let you know that I, I love you So many bitches wanna be my baby Riding 'round town in a damn Mercedes No, I'm not no game baby, you can't play me
I am not a card baby, you can't trade me I been thinking lately, pay attention baby Why these hoes chase me? 'Cause of all this damn cheese I can fuck your ho, nigga, I can make her happy Hit her from the back, nigga, she call me "Daddy" Tell that lil' boy Max, nigga, I do it gladly Yeah, my bitch nasty, point me to the cash please White ho call me red, when I sit lastly
Like the way you came at me, but you can't have me Counting up the cash flow baby, I just be adding Yeah I'm swerving, bitches, yeah, they love me for a Birkin Yeah I got a heart and it's still hurting Shoot you in your face and now you're hurting I swear that you bitches on some lame shit, yeah I had to switch up out this lane, I had to lane switch Even though I gave you all of me, yeah, you just changed quick
I don't hang with gangsters, yeah, those niggas be so dangerous Yeah, you say that she wanna feature, I hope you know I'm taxing Riding 'round rolling on a Beamer, I'm relaxing Yeah, swear you on some opp shit, when they grabbed them chopsticks Beefing with Yung Fazo, yeah, I hope you know these bodies drop quick I been thinking lately, pay attention baby Why these hoes chase me? 'Cause of all this damn cheese I can fuck your ho, nigga, I can make her happy
Lemme remind, yuh yuh I wanna shine, cover your eyes, else you'll get Blind, yuh yuh Riding the wave, and I see sines, inside my mind, yuh yuh And if you ever come to my show, don't dance Bitch you better hold still like a photo I'm on a rampage, every damn page is a transcript you know Ima savage when I fuckin flow, you ain't even half it, motherfucker's so... Average with bad bitch depressed in their head and they rap about suicide doors
We don't speak the same language don't have the same idols you need to grow Do you know what I feel son, I'm the Ill one like kim Jung, dim sum, then some You might have thousands of fake fans but I'm happy with my ten's of real ones Cause they know, that I'm never gonna back down, yuh Till I'm selling out shows in glasgow, yuh Ain't gonna put the fuckin glass down Spitting pesticides we kill all the rats The whole team coming for the damn crown, yuh
Hawame na bate beta bars apne Bhari hain Flow Karu shuffle shuffle bhukamsi barbadi hai -Verse1- Gane mera sunke bole rapchik tha Kaise bana leta bole Mansikta School me sikha jo b Gyab thik tha Kon tikta age mere khel ka khiladi Main to jeet ka shikari, jeet khali
Kafisari tera bhai kalamkari -Hook- Rakha pura Game maine Real, Beta Shuru se Gaya nahi Same alag Feel, Beta Shuru se Kara nahi care na Fear, rehta ghurur se -Verse2- Kara nahi give up kabhi karte rehta try Chalta firta hu zamin pr, soch on the sky
Mera zone bhot high maine bhot dhoke khay Matlabi log mere aspas bhotsare Kisi ka bura na chahu par Kehne ko bhotsare dost cotact me par Rahta hu, Tanha ho kar Zindagi ke sare maze chhod dale Is sapne k Ped ka beej bokar To sun jokar Maine apne ap se kasam hai khai
Jabtk sanse chalri, jari rahengi likhai Mujhe rukna nahi bhai kehta roz apne ap se -Hook- Rakha pura Game maine Real, Beta Shuru se Gaya nahi Same alag Feel, Beta Shuru se Kara nahi care na Fear, rehta ghurur se Gane sunke mere ladke bole bhawa rapchick Gane jo b likhta sabh kuch real wali batcheet
Rukta na bhai tera speed badata Sunnta na kisi Ki bad bad ha kabhi b Head phone laga k chalu ho jata Jeet k khud se mai aage hu aya Jhhut hai sari bate jo Kahi gai 3+3 Karu kam pura week Sunday udake 2 Monday hr week Kaam 35 or dimag b Satik
Dhitt pura mai bachpan se hi Badbad na karta, bematlab kahi Race ke ghode tum doudoge hi Zerose kiya mai fir se shurwat Ab bhi Wahi hu pr badle Halat Pyaar se rehta mai apno ke sath Ladka ye shatir hai Ladka ye shatir hai
Tarif ke kabil hai Alabala syllables karta na deliver Sath wale bhai beat deke bole kill Kar Bate sari gold meri tujhe lagi silver Rap mera akbar mai iska birbal Chill Kar ake mere zone me din bhar Gane mere dope Nasha chade tere sir par Ginkar bolu chand lafz le sunkar
Gane gane gane soon chuka anjano se Khay h dhoke choda sath bemano se Anginat bar tut k main bikhra Ye zindagi meri jisse mai sikhra Befikra chala tha bhootkal me Batadu kya tha kya hu Iss sal me Jan hain baton me bhuk hain sanso me Jaga hu raton me Nind ko khake main
Ready khada hat-yar k sath me Kali si rat me kalam hain hath me Panno pe lafzon ki kardu barsat mein Wazan hain baton me likhta mai dope Karta hu solo Kisi se na hope Apna time aayega nai khud launge Dekha hu khudka Horoscope Bitch
Shaitani rooh or shaitaani soch Yeh bhakti jaise ulte titanic pose ki Aaj se pehle na khole yeh pole me Kyuki dost roj me rehta nahi hoshh me Pata chala me kisi or ka natiza Kaafi saal jisko mana asli baap Wo asli me hai nahi Asli baap mera kon mujhe janna bhi nahi
Ek baap ki aulaad yeh mujhe manna bhi nahi Cheezein pata chalne lagi kaafi saal ke baad Toh krodh or aag ne feke daagh nikal ke bahar Itne dard diye tune mujhe ayee bhagwaan Ho sake to maafi maang le aaj ke aaj Me shikayat karu toh bhi kees se karu Or ibadat kru toh bhi kiski karu Saans leke bhi pareshaan jaise bahu
Geera knees ke bal jaise me disabe hu Usse sauda karu apni bechu lahu Leke chal mujhe tere sath Leke chal mujhe tere sath Log karenge bawal ke me kuch na hu Kyuki me bhagwan se sawal puch raha hu Pr wo bhi jaanta hai me kis cheez se gujjra hu Shaitan ko kyuki me bhagwan se
Khudko mehfooz krta mehsoos na hu Bohot antar hai tere mere parvarish me Bohot daldal hai yaha jeelu palbhar isme Khauf har pal hai dikhe maut nazdeek Lage mere din bache kam jaise farvaree mai Aaj bhi nazare dikhe ankho ke samne Cheekein sunayi deti raatko kaanome Utha raatko or dekha aayine me
This one is for my ex Shit am prolly trippin I thought I thought I thought i was over you But i can't get over you Am tryna get over you You think I got no feelings i got issues
It's a whole lotta shit that i been through Every second of a minute i just miss you Nobody is perfect a nigga with an attitude Wishing for a second i can get you back Wishing for a minute i can make it work All this pain that's in my chest i gotta fucking rap I swear to God my life is just a fucking living mess So i pulled up to the trap it's Krazy mash
Lotta bitches in my dm tryna cash I got no time to be fucking with this girls no Lotta bitches tryna dig for this gold hoes Unlike you you have never been like these hoes You got me tripping but i love you and i say so Am a menace in the trap without a Draco Am a nigga in the trap i gotta lay low Ayy Krazy mash
Sending shots right to yo man if he cross the line I've been feeling like the man don't ask me why Got these percies in your girls abdominal And when I'm off the xan I'm phenomenal Got SK's with the beam in this Arsenal You bitch ride me like she's in the carnival Coming off the xans I'm in the sky I'm in this wonderland don't ask me why
Sending shots right to yo man if he cross the line I've been feeling like the man don't ask me why She be off them fucking things when she with me Shawty moving like a zombie when off the beans Had to change my flow, they be copying me While I'm In yo hoe throat, she loving on me Coming off the xan I'm in the sky She be off them fucking things when she with me
Don't yell 'cause my new bitch tryna sleep Thank you for what you did to me You switched it up so hard, I had to see I was just out with my niggas and you tripping again I don't know why you be acting like this, giving me pain You not the only girl that's had a seat in this Range Compared to what I'm making, girl, you jiggling change Whole time, you ain't rolling up the weed
On your phone and you sucking on your teeth Whole time, I'm the stupid one to me 'Cause you was on the streets out for everybody Yeah, thank you for what you did to me You left me, but somehow I feel at ease I can't believe I thought this was the place to be Don't yell 'cause my new bitch tryna sleep Thank you for what you did to me
You switched it up so hard, I had to see It's an eye for an eye, and bitch, you ain't seen enough Your ex a piece of shit, but try a hundred of 'em It ain't my fault that you got used to dating these bums I guess you gotta do whatever for you to cum You need to stop saying around me Said it for your friends and your damn family You need to stop taking advantage of me
Want a birkin bag? Bitch go buy it I don't like talking so much, I'm quiet Want a birkin bag ? Bitch let's buy it Like goddamn shawty the finest But I'm worried bout' the bag, I'm focused I don't like talking so much, I'm quiet Want a birkin bag ? Bitch let's buy it Like goddamn shawty the finest
But I'm worried bout' the bag, I'm focused Hey! I'm ETERNXL, glad you noticed Yeah I know I'll be the greatest Big bro told me to be patience But honestly I'm done waiting They wanna talk shit? Let them Hate me ? But I'll forget them Still gonna blow up, that's the outcome
Aji ngolik Ntya li baghi Aji tshufi 9albi baki Sm7ti fya o nti li mshiti Nti mshiti sm7ti fya Mafhmti o ghlti fya Mn lwl lash shfti fya
La bagha tmshi Siri ta daba O 7yti f noir Shab3a ka2aba O dmaghi zahi baghi ifada O dm3a f3yni swlni limada 3yni dm3at o 9albi mat 3a9li manasish li fat
Dm3a m3a 3yni watat 7sbini 7m9 o kansi 7yati tlfat o kan rssi Wakha ki ban kulshi sala 3a9li 7assl f lpasse Ga3 majit o ba9i ndor Ba9i m3atl ba9i lor 7lmna ghir n9zo sor
Zahri rj3 lya 3afak Flghorba rani nstnak Elash tglbti shkun li blak Wakha salina ga3 mansak Aji ngolik Ntya li baghi Siri ta daba O 7yti f noir
Going so dumb on a regular Hitting these plays on my cellular The pack come in on the regular And it come straight from the mexicans The price is sweet ain't no flexin it Ima get high as the nebula Smoke on gas like the pressure up I apply pressure boy go get your cheddar up
Geeking so hard on the syrup Gone off the molly and perc I swear that you geekers be calling me You know what they want it's the first You know what they want it's the first I get the packed and i'm going berserk Yeah i'm going berserk I get that pack and i'm straight to the kurb
I'm not from this earth i'm a martian I'm smoking that marvin the martian I got a habit of shittin on varment Go and play crazy i'm totin the carbon I'm going dumb on a regular Yo bitch keep calling my cellular I don't want her she a regular These diamonds hittin they ain't regular
These weed im smoking it ain't regular This car i'm whippin it ain't regular I do the dash get ya engine up You niggas mad get yo mentions up I'm on my bag get yo benji's up Don't play crazy keep up hemi tucked Stupid ass Stupid ass
You know I'm getting this money so every time I go I laugh to the bank If that boy talking right up on the gang then we might just go bring out a tank He wanna talk on the 'Gram but we got a lil' chopper, we letting it sing So many hoes, put my phone right on DND, I don't like hearing it ring, yeah Watch how I go get that bag, all my hoes, they super bad We walking right in the stores and we spending some racks, and yeah, we finna pop all the tags You wanna talk all that shit right on the net 'cause my shooters run in your bag I got me all of this money, I bought me a Masi', and you know we going too fast, yeah
They watch how I stack these bands I told that ho that I love her but I do not love her, yeah, I cannot hold on to her I got some bros that I used to be calling my family but they ain't really my mans Now they be saying that we was friends when we not really friends, yeah, they really just fans She know I love her and now she want lust, yeah Man, that lil' ho is my crush I told that lil' boy, yeah, he gotta shut up, yeah, he gotta shut up and hush Every time I go and smoke on the thrax, man, I already know it gon' bust
Yeah, yeah, hold up, yeah Know I'm lit, huh, they know that I'm lit I got so much clothes, I just don't know, yeah, what to pick I go with that Number ine, I mix it with the Rick I know I just really met her, but now she wanna come to the crib, give me space, huh You know I'm getting this money so every time I go I laugh to the bank If that boy talking right up on the gang then we might just go bring out a tank He wanna talk on the 'Gram but we got a lil' chopper, we letting it sing
And I filled up my pockets with some blue faces And I had to get some money, so I had to chase it Remember when I was down bad, left my heart wasted Life been movin' so fast, yeah, like I'm racin' And she special, no, she ain't basic Yeah, we how I never changed it Pull off in a V12, they like how I'm racin' Oh yeah, yeah
And you know, I know, we know And I can't even lie, don't want you And I can go and spend a band if I want to I-I could get a pair of Ricks, but I want two Said she wanna kick it like it's kung-fu Pour a cup and roll a blunt too You can put on that dress and flaunt too Top five list, they made me one, they put you on two
Baby, I'm all for you And I can get you any bag that you want too Leavin' me, I swear that that would always be the wrong move Yeah, I wasn't lying when I said I love you I'ma show you what I'm gon' do Me and Tana goin' up, yeah, right through the roof Only W's, I swear that we can never lose Got some money, put Balenci right up on her shoes
Woah, ah I don't even wanna fall in love Broken many times, had enough Being with you, it might be a must Yeah, ice up on the wrist now And I'm ballin' like I'm playin' for the Knicks now She too fine, I might have to take your chick now In the six now, yeah, they know I'm feelin' lit now
Woah, KassGoCrazy! , yeah, I'm 'bout to hit the the mall Talkin' all your shit, but you're still fall , we smash your head against the wall Carry an uzi, don't like you why I really want to fight you Posted up with bonsai, got me Know you really hate me, why you got excuses?
on my face, shut the fuck up Shoutout all my brothers, and you know we goin' on my hip, they just so tired of me 47th floor, got a sniper with a scope Yeah, I might hit the mall, hit the store Get a bag and get some money Gettin' rich, you gettin' Let-Let-Let it go, yeah, I'ma let you know
, let it show Nothin' there is set in stone I'm with Keegan in the back, we going apeshit I'm growing up, so I ran out of patience This girl from my town hit me up, said I made it Like bitch, I ain't shit, still make songs from my basement He wanna talk, got red dot on your vitals You wanna talk, we red dots on your spinal
Showed you the finer things you don't know how to act now Too much of the 42 girl I passed out We got high and did the most and then we blacked out We had a plan but its not going how we mapped out Showed you the finer things you don't know how to act now Girl you keep playing games, Fucking with my brain You said that you would change but you caught on your old ways I don't know how to say this but my feelings not the same
Yeah, you know my heart can't take no more So, baby, take it all, leave it all on the floor So, you see, one day, one day I'll be the one who walked away Four five, six seven, each nights, away My eyes ain't lost, I just can't wait You told me that I was someone up in Holly But now goodbye, he's home, and that's a naughty
But everybody ain't the same, you noticed me Yeah, you know my heart can't take no more So, baby, take it all, leave it all on the floor I'll be the one who walked away I've seen better days, sleepin' all alone So I know, if you know, someone needin' I know you been the same, it's a no I was hopin' you could stay here for the weekend
Tell me have you ever seen my It goes things before But fun and all, fun and all makes shit grows And maybe we don't know the runnin' days at these times, these times And maybe we should've thought a little longer, oh, done it little stronger and Down, falling down Come on and hold me down, falling down, falling down Da, da, da, da, da
Can't see you see it's all falling down? Da, da, da, da, da I know just what you just think We open every dream On and on and on Tough on I didn't know what you told and you , mmm I just said come and roll in, think about nothin', moanin'
Tell her make up her mind I done made another Takin' in serotonin, my And I just wanted it in the night, you been way too And maybe we don't know the runnin' days at these times, these times And maybe we should've thought a little longer, oh, done it little stronger and Down, falling down Come on and hold me down, falling down, falling down
Girl you're leaving me on read Now I'm feeling bad You know I adore you Baby I don't understand why you even left, yeah Why do you ignore me? Girl you're leaving me on read Now I'm feeling bad You know I adore you
Baby I don't understand why you even left, yeah I don't understand it I'd try again but I don't wanna chance it You took advantage I know yeah baby, it's embarrassing When someone asks I'm like yeah it's irrelevant Deep in my head it's something that'll never end Why you even left? It's messing with my head
Why when I wake up you're not on my bed? Aaja mere saath, aaja mere paas Raat bhar mujhe toh neend nahi aave Tere baatein, aankhen, yehi mujhe yaad hai Kya karun baby, mere dil tere paas hai Kya karun baby, pura raat tu mere khwaab mein Kya karun baby, mujhe jeena tere saath hai Saath hai, jeena tere saath hai
Smoking loud like Snoop, ayy That ho's a swoop, ayy Pass that ho to you, ayy These-these niggas so lame You ain't even Your ho finna pull up She give me brain Hell nah
Pull up in that coupe, drive off Ayy, right back to that dough Y'all already know These niggas acting fake You ain't even my bro These niggas hated on me so I had to run it up These niggas hated on me but I ain't give no fuck Bitch, ayy
Ayy, ayy I'm in the stu', my nigga Who is you, my nigga? We ain't cool, my nigga I hit that ho, yeah She let it go, yeah I don't know, yeah Right back to that dough
Y'all already know Cooling with my bro Finna fuck your ho Ride around in that coupe Smoking loud like Snoop, ayy That ho's a swoop, ayy Pass that ho to you, ayy These-these niggas so lame
You ain't even Your ho finna pull up She give me brain Hell nah Pull up in that coupe, drive off Ayy, right back to that dough These niggas acting fake You ain't even my bro
These niggas hated on me so I had to run it up These niggas hated on me but I ain't give no fuck Yeah, you know a nigga like me just stay on that shit You know your ho gon' slide right on my dick You know I'm right back to getting chips I can't love a ho, I can't do that shit I can't do that shit 'Cause she a stupid bitch
I be moving shit Yeah, I be doing shit He ain't doing shit, get up off my dick , ayy Cooling with the mob Bitch, I feel like Goodie Nike slides on my feet With that black hoodie
Ayy, sipping on this lean, that shit so muddy Bad bitch from New Jersey just like I'm in the stu', my nigga Who is you, my nigga? We ain't cool, my nigga I hit that ho, yeah She let it go, yeah I don't know, yeah
Ta yiou fillan dedji toun ligitalan Sa anda lan nodiran koto Ko menin bhai inata tout sauf gentil Houlata hay gorko gotto Guebhal landho memetakei Fope mi nabhoray sindhai take Bhidho gnane gnaimetakei Sinadhoun bobo gotto dhinnetakei
Ref : _Yo bhai wolou ko bhai fala menindho min hathitaka -bhay mo allah towni fi moun on dhon dho kan libhaka -bhouy no wi-i min gaynata hay gotto yedjitaka Couplet Mo allah wali sondjotako Djoma barki lilotako Bhidho gorko takkotako
Lan ardhai wa landho canton Lan boni mi yafotako Simi monike djan walotako Ref : _Yo bhai wolou ko bhai fala menindho min hathitaka -bhay mo allah towni fi moun on dhon dho kan libhaka -bhouy no wi-i min gaynata hay gotto yedjitaka Couplet
_Everyday on s'fait la mala mala _Imo dhaba cela halahala _Bhidjou kolo sela samakala _Fuck les diplomes a quoi ca sert ? _J'men bats les couilles de vos etudes _De toute facon la d'ou je viens _On t'considere que quand t'as du fric _Venu au milieu d'la Jungle , n'me demande pas si j'suis arme
I've been tired all the time it's a nightmare I got bags under my eyes, baby they YSL I got bags under my eyes, baby they YSL I've been searching for an answer hope I find out I've got bags under my eyes and they YSL Having trouble falling asleep every night now I take a cup of medicine just to quiet down I got a couple bad habits and they piling up
And everybody say they love me but it's not enough Tell me that you feel the same I'll be right there I've been tired all the time it's a nightmare I've been searching for an answer hope I find out Yeah, Balenciaga bags under my eyes I bought you Chanel sneakers just to walk up out my life I haven't been sleeping it's alright I just stare at my computer, guess it's just another night
Got a little somethin' in the cellophane Got a little high off the melonade Smokin' cigs on the balcony Wonder if I'll ever make it back to reality Sorry if I don't respond, I was busy in my head Trying to write another song, anything to forget you Moving on isn't easy Yves Saint Laurent shades on, you can't see me
I know it's hard to change your habits Sorry if this shit gets heavy Sorry if I'm coming off, coming off strong We been up, we been up way too long Shit gets dark sometimes Sorry if I'm coming off, coming off strong Smoke a lot of ... to keep my mind off you Shit gets dark sometimes
I am bouta blow a bitch down Ima sit unload a sick round Everybody get the fuck down Fuck all of that cess in my space I can't love a soul, i erase Every single peer on fake shit Ima beat your face in till i hate it Hatred
Fuck your life Fuck your soul Hope your thoughts Kill your soul Everybody get the fuck out I am bouta blow a bitch down Ima sit unload a sick round Everybody get the fuck down
Skin color them diamonds, I don't care bout your Patek God, on me, how I crossed up on a flex Ice on me baby, Tsukuyomi on my drip Ayy, yeah, frozen in time Ayy, yeah, frozen in time Ayy, yeah, red in my eyes I'm with my angels, eye in the sky Frozen the cookies, I bake in the sky
Stackin', I'm not worried bout your lil pie Ayy, stay on a mission, uh Plan it out got my new vision, uh My shawty like Wanda, I'm wishin', uh Star fishin' we just on some different shit Started out writing my business Is it alright if I do not fuck with you? You run to the gang and you need you a tissue
You crying our heart out like they ain't got issues, cool You want me to be your therapist? Cool Be there for you, but I ain't hearing shit, ooh They sayin' to me, they seeing what the money do, ooh But I can see your genetics, you was not built to rule Ayy, LMFAO Ayy, ayy, you is a fail, ayy Hit every beat like Mateo
Shawty move sloppy then maneuver tail Every song you play is rotten tomatoes I gotta stay healthy, I'm sippin' on kale I'm smoking this cookie, it got me on KO Sweaty my beady beads, you lookin' pale "LMFAO" when you talk out your neck, yeah Skin color them diamonds, I don't care bout your Patek God, on me, how I crossed up on a flex
Swingin' and diggin' it, man's so militant Yo, yo Swingin' and diggin' it, man's so militant Shank on my hand, I feel omnipotent 125, man's dingin' it, wizzin' it Dug that bare 'cuz the fumes we finished it Call me a villain, that's bro, let's finish him Held me back, no chingin' him
Crossbow fillin' it, stingin' it Man's done about, yeah Man can't cap on my tracks So you're mad on your friends 'cuz the hook and verse from me How can a man try drill me out When he got a stainless steel from me? Man weren't trappin', the man go Snappin' Like come buy one, get one for free
Took that L so the man stop lackin' Like what do these jokemen want from me? **** got a flicks from me **** bought a flicks from me Give one to your boy, complete that beef **** got a 15 loaned from me But he ran that back, that's interest-free **** woulda' had a free flicks from me
But he done Hot Wheels like Need For Speed **** try 'n get a crossbow from me Can you rise that, G? Cah' the beef ain't cheap **** coulda' held a shaving for free And **** coulda' held a shaving for free Man so tired of late-late beef Cah' half of these man afraid of me See me on road and you know that meet
Oh, you wanna act up when you're 10 man deep? Got-got-got a big shank on me Duckin' him down and he ran from me How many man bought ramz from me? Better shutter them toes, can you handle beef? What, they don't want beef like burgers? **** on the attempted murders Switch that SIM, gotta' burn my burner
The boy done legs when I turned man off My short ZK's and flicky sticky Soon in the grave, turn blicky Diggin' her down and she say that she miss me Scratchin' my back when she swallow my killys shank's to my favorite nitty Switch it, load the Manzar, too Duck man down, no duck-duck-goose
Bringing heat? I run that shit All she do is talk that shit I'm a pill she pop that shit Lock me up and take that sip Don't wake up from your dreams and shit Yeah fuck that shit yeah yeah fuck that shit She a star but shooting down cuz she be living off that shit Hate the day she met me, how are you can call me Devil hun
A rebel fun, a sniff and gone to heaven up In clouds a house is waiting for it's angel hiding demons in it's lever gun Is pointing at her face but she take it as a nerf Doesn't really matter cuz in time it's gonna surf Doesn't really care, cuz she ain't, of this earth Lookin up to me and I'm the one who's hurting her Yeah fuck that shit Just fuck that shit
I cannot explain it Je ki feyin sayo Uh, Oluwa dara simi Lemme say what I know Always there when I call Coz you do much for me and won't let me go God you're good to me this one thing I know You do much for me and won't let me go
Lord you're good to me so good to me, good to me uh uh uh Lord you're good to me so good to me, good to me uh uh uh All the things that you done for the boy No one else can fill this void All the ways you love me Can't contain it all in me Lord I'm so grateful When I'm not you're still faithful ohhh
AJ ruin everything, he in here Boom out the frame, move out the way Things get lit on sight Dreamgirl don't pillow fight New dress, it fit on tight Boom out the frame, move out the way Dreamgirl don't pillow fight New dress, it fit on tight
Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some, huh Don't need permission, I do what I want Enter the scene and I'm causing a fuss Now I'm a problem, my head getting hotter Don't play with my temper, volcano erupt Diamonds, they dancing, they like when I stunt Period, like it's that time of the month I'm serious, back up, this isn't a front
Jaw hit the ground, turnin' heads from the jump Say to me speakin' that make-believe Easy as Mabeline, uh, I ain't makin' this up Hunnids is out, let me double the count You keep runnin' ya mouth, but I'm tapin' this up Ride my own wave, no motion sickness Pop your shit, it don't offend me You mad, you pressed, you so defensive
Look at me now, I rose from trenches Everybody played me 'til I drove the Benz's Navigate hate, then I showed the critics I'm a boss so I do what I wanna do Make 'em beg for a sip of this hundred-proof Pop a bottle and pour it out from the roof I'm on top of the world and I love the view If you did what I did, you would love it too
I'm getting high I'm hurting Getting sad, I can't I help I'm getting sad thinking bout all the things I never had Really wish I met you, yeah it's no cap Living without you, I feel like it's a trap Why did I have to meet you on the net I met her on the net yeah, yeah, yeah
It's Aha man It's the second one today Better not blink I'm much closer than you think I ain't blew up yet but on the brink Grinding like them kids off Brinked Eyes on the prize can't link Take your eyes off and you sink
Ima cool cat like sphinx You a copy cat say jinx Vegeta button down pink Chains going clink clink Treat me like I'm somebody Tink Got a style that's real distinct When I die I'll prolly be extinct Out my mind need to see a shrink
Saved but I still drink Can't worry bout what they think Taking my time it ain't gotta be fast Why would rush something I want to last forever I'm a student of the game tryna get better Lot of dummies be pretending they Dexter If you a king don't take advice from the jester They only showing love so they can get blessings
Tryna stay in touch I'm not a molester My ps5 hooked up to a projector The bigger picture needs a better director Do every quarter like another semester cause 50 percent of the work is just going to class Everybody wanna act like they bad but watch hot they react when they hit a snag I bet a million that they quit Guilty by association second hand smoke if ya dog get hit I'm Free Barabbas can't lock me up cause the glove still don't fit
Saturday we do brunch Order me the shrimp and grits Gotta make sure the whole team eat everything I get I split Everybody wanna be the main scorer don't nobody wanna throw assist One day you giving out hits next day they tryna hit you with the blitz Better watch it'll happen quick Better not blink I'm much closer than you think
I ain't blew up yet but on the brink Grinding like them kids off Brinked Eyes on the prize can't link Take your eyes off and you sink Ima cool cat like sphinx You a copy cat say jinx Vegeta button down pink Chains going clink clink
I been going dumb I need a tutor They only tough when they on they computer I bring it to your door like a recruiter Where you at, come outside Come get to know me spend some time I promise you it's gone be fine, form a line like Bum bum, bum bum Get out yo top, get out yo mind
Drink some water, drink some wine Don't be scared come outside, form a line like It don't matter what you've done It go left foot bum bum Right foot Slide on anyone who try you wouldn't Gotta boss up on em Rick Ross keep pushing Creep up on em and surprise em when nobody looking
It certain questions you should never ask me It just some things that I ain't finna say Just got a text say it's a building full but I'm still on the way Where you at, come outside Come get to know me spend some time I promise you it's gone be fine, form a line like Get out yo top, get out yo mind Drink some water, drink some wine
Don't be scared come outside, form a line like It don't matter what you've done It go right foot, gone and let me in some I say what I like, they acting tough but they ain't scaring none I popped out tonite I thought somebody had done said some They saying I'm made I might start cleaning up the guest room Yea I got it made but I wasn't born with no silver spoon It's me and Aha so off the strength of him I blessed you
My name is Dee Jack we haven't met I woulda remembered you Don't know what you've done but I can tell you what we finna do Ima cop me a flight and I'm out of here Know they judge me just like it's your honor here Counted me out and they thought I was out of here Put that b-i-g in front of Cujo whenever I'm mentioned it's end of the sentence I'm chillin by the water when I'm up in Florida how I'm balling I should go see the president At the lounge turning down the groupies
I don't like hate See when the sound system break We make the system shake When a girl wanna swing my way Play street with the street that I played But I'm on a street over here, all saints Imagine no saints when you wake, aye That's a good taste, hmm, that's a good space
Hey, this ain't my place Like that's a real wave I miss it so deeply Well, put that shit on my grave I buck and sway Ten toes for the rave in the ring, aye I love carnival bass Ya don't feel the same?
That's cool, don't get in my way In fact, don't migrate Yeah, and we like champagne But we like Red Stripe and we like Wray Ya don't feel the same? That's cool, don't get in my way Oh, back in day Notting Hill weren't no film
Teddy boys on my granddad outside, buy it back Take 'cause his bones lie still Salon in Ireland, they were really out there in the field When the vibe was real, that's why I get in my feels And I know that I can't fucking live here still In fact, don't migrate Yeah, we like champagne But we like Red Stripe and we like Wray
Yeah, it's just the same as I thought it would be When I was in carnival I followed your principle Do you really think I'd leave you? Meanwhile Uh, I love carnival bass Yeah, we like champagne Yeah, it's just the same as I thought it would be
I just bought some new eyes, I can see for a million miles I just bought a new hand that can turn you into fucking sand I just bought some new skin made of metallic fiber I just bought a new dick that can turn into a vagina I feel like Motoko the way I go camo Being human fucking blows, I want some wires over bones I'm in hyperreality, I can deconstruct the fallacies You're washed up in 1.0, your eyes can't even see Pluto
Cybernetically enhanced, I'm a killing machine Got a Mega Man arm, hit you with the beam Life's a game AR and I'm winnin' XP By killing civilians, PVP I need debris, sell your parts, I'm buying genes Upgrade DNA, I play for keeps I'm the Ubermensch Newest model moving in
Posthuman superman A new mode, let's go On the grid, track my wins on the leaderboard New goal, neural This DLC need procedure for I'm sold, won't get old Level my build, my skills have grown Yeah, twist it
Double up, me don't give no fucks Westside where I'm cracking And I'm bossing this beat to let you niggas know what's happenin I'mma North Hoskins road nigga I'mma up that smoke nigga I'mma bust ya lungs nigga I'mma tell you now, let that butterfly I ain't fucking with you caterpillars
This pimp shit here I kick is lethal Boy I'm cold, call me freezer The way I pimp shit should be illegal But don't blame me, blame baby them I still ride with AKs in Chevy pimp These niggas hot check the temp Ugh, Yea yea yea.. Dumbway mind half gone
No brains in no car I own Pocket packed still full of stone Young Brody back this Jerome 'ney rome Selling smack whole front palm In the kitchen whipping like black mom That's a fact um Day and night nigga night and day I'm educated, sophisticated
You got it, yes, indeed Kept under lock and key Why don't you set it free? Yeah, I do believe You got it, yes, indeed The right to set it free Here goes your jubilee Precious is your presence
You can feel the essence The iridescence of your light, no question Destined to be A blessing to somebody Even if he cannot see No man can take from you what's heavenly Just be you and you'll forever be Your beauty tells stories like ebony
It comes from the inside Truthfully, a place where some men hide In your eyes, I can see that you're inspired To find your way to love so you can live by it If you love you the way you want a man to The right one'll come that'll enhance you And you can dance to love's melody It sounds so good when you set it free
Kept under lock and key Why don't you set it free? The right to set it free Here goes your jubilee It's on you, it's what you believers say You blooming in a way, so who are they to say? It's your heart, stay in tune every day No mate or hate can carry it away
The truth is yours, don't bury it away It's fair for me to say you a jewel again You wear your own crown, not ruled by men Where it fit in is where you begin And know who you wanna be, know who you been around Sometimes, you gotta settle down That's when the fly ones, they leave the ground Had to lose them so that you could be found
Come spread a little lovin' in the middle Baby, woe is me Swimming in an ocean, I might have to let it carry me It ain't nothing wrong with a little bit of chemistry Oh-oh, oh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, where we gonna take it? Where we gonna take it, baby? Where we gonna take it, baby?
Ooh, where you wanna take it? Where you gonna take it? Ooh, where we gonna take it? Where you gonna take me? Where you gonna take me, baby? Where you gonna take me? Where you gonna take me, baby? What's the science for the day?
You my destiny, you my destiny Unusual, beautiful, my desire is moving through you You my destiny, you my dest-- You seekin' peace? We can find a hideaway Where you can do yoga and be on your namaste I'm a modern-day, Renaissance, royal piece of work Been working on myself, girl, you can see the work
I know that we can work like Ossie and Ruby D I'ma treat you, the way the Lord created you to be Staying true to you is staying true to me Your love language, I speak it fluently, majesty, uh Baby, please Come spread a little lovin' in the middle Baby, woe is me Swimming in an ocean, I might have to let it carry me
It ain't nothing wrong with a little bit of chemistry Oh-oh, oh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, where you wanna take it? Where you gonna take it? Peace to the Earth, what I see is the birth Of a new nation, communication, seein' your worth I'm a leader, you a leader, but I'm leading you first To the kingdom, I got the keys, I put in the purse
Of your mind, I'm the sun, you the moon, we can shine Stars align, we combine, we define space and time New beginnings our way, new beginnings our way Them emotions like the ocean, girl, they swimming our way Supremacy, your energy want them in my day Our auras touch each other, we explore, we discover There's a heart in the house, in my room there's a lover Uncover raw feelings, we feel in our navel
The earth, it cries for change that can't be televised We polarized and synthesized by stimuli My heart is why the parts all died, I can't deny I realize your eternal eyes see through my disguise These falls, what do they symbolize? I know that you made me to rise I need pain to feel alive when racism still alive I was told that life's a bitch, hope that she don't kill my vibe
I've been still, but still, I rise Lots of things I feel inside Took some shots to still advise Your grace and will are still alive I can read again, believin' in the deeds amend Your likeness, we created it, it's where we begin Yeah, into the-- In your grace, I made peace
You've got will, I've got power In your grace, I made peace Holding back the pain of my ancestry Trying to break the patterns of our history Changing the direction of my family tree I worked so hard, they're so proud of me I don't have no time to be visiting I'm running through my life, and what'd I get to be?
This world full of ego, let me cash out Jump in that--, jump in that bitch Jump in that-- , jump in that bitch Jump in that-- , jump in that-- Jump in that bitch Jump in that bitch, run in that bitch Jump in that-jump in that bitch That my son, wait, relax
I got that money I got that chili I got them Lambos and Raris and Bentleys I got them hunnids, and twenties and fifties She want my money She want my chili I got a bad bitch and she riding with me She want them diamonds and Raris and Bentleys
She want them hunnids, and twenties and fifties She wanna ride in the Rari, no Bentley She want my money No, she can't go with me I got them hunnids I got them fifties I got a bad bitch and she riding with me She want them hunnids, and twenties and fifties
She want them diamonds and Raris and Bentleys She want them blue hunnids She wanna ride in the Rari, no Bentley She want my chili No, she can't go with me She want them blue hunnids She don't want fifties She like the Lambo
But I like the Bentley She like the Rari She like the Bentley She wanna top me She want them hunnids She want them fifties I got that money I got that chili
I got them Lambos and Raris and Bentleys I got them hunnids, and twenties and fifties I got them hunnids I got them fifties She want them blue hundreds She want them blue hundreds She like the Lambo But I like the Bentley
Take away all things, yeah X2 I just want to be at a better place Yeah, I know my mind is fucked up everyday Bitch, I roll around, bitch, I shut shit down I rule every town, I rule every city Take away this life, yuh Take away the pain, yuh Take away all things, yeah
Wet the block Shawty she a thot, thot Hop in the drop Hop in the droptop Shawty gave me top Shawty she a thot Shawty she a thot, thot Wet, wet the block
Wet, wet the block Wet, wet Wet the block Wet, wet Wet, wet, wet the block Wet, wet the block, block Ride with a thot, thot Hop in the droptop
Show me what's real Show me what's real Popping them pills Popping them pills Show me It's real Show me It's real I got them deals I got them deals
Step up in this bitch like I'm the one your bitch like You been riding on my wave like Underground ain't fucking with me like a landmine Had to grow a cult, Jared Leto with the hang time Finna hit the switch bitch I'm Drizzy with the night light Keep the chains tucked when they out a nigga shine bright Ca-came up in this game like she begging for a creampie
Rappers sending shots like I'm Ricky in the drive by Still keep a mask bitch I'm purging with a Shy Guy I can be the motherfucker that I wanted Got a label tryna call me cut the check a nigga bought it Niggas know I be about it, you can check around about it I been vibing in the back, you be lying on your tracks Brought your girl to the crib and now I'm pulling out her tracks Seeing heaven, seeing hell got the wings all black
I just put a fallen angel in a fucking hellcat, nigga Step up in this bitch like Murakami on the wall next to the Van Gogh She was sleeping in suburbia this bitch gotta go And I'm still cashing checks off the shit a nigga wrote Now I see a lot of niggas tryna bicker for the flow For every sixteen that a young nigga spit Was another sixty that I'm putting to my rent
Never seen blue bills but I follow by the print Now I step up in this bitch like fuck a red light What that shit feel like, fiending off a pill high Pouring up brown liquor, but a nigga feel light All these other hoes left but your bitch feel right Still might OD up in paradise They wanna book for the show like its Fahrenheit I know I overdid this shit and should apologize
See they want a flex, had to bring it back to act one This ain't even an act tho, we make movies They want me, yeah They want me, yeah Beam me up, Scottie! They want me dead or alive But I'm not a regular guy I got your bitch in the back of the whip
And she telling me she wanna feel all the vibes This not a regular high I just get lifted like Prince You can see they still fresh in the sky Still got your girl on my side She wanna be Bonnie and Clyde I don't even think you should try I just got a motherfucking check for a show
Had to blow it on your hoe cuz she ain't fucking with you nigga Phantom got the motherfucking doors going up with the glow I ain't even fucking driving in it nigga Said she wanna feel a bit of paradise Put her on my tower like the Eiffel now she thinking bout a Paris flight Sucking like a leech bitch I'm bleeding like every night Aye give a fuck about a label nigga Got the horses in the back no stable nigga
What you tryna say, you little bitch? I'll end your day What you-What you tryna say, you little bitch? bitch i'll-bitch i'll What you- what you tryna say, you little bitch? I'll end your day, what you- How you claimin hard but you a bitch? What you tryna say, you little bitch? I'll- What you tryna say, you little bitch? I'll end your day What you-What you tryna say, you little bitch? bitch i'll-bitch i'll What you- what you tryna say, you little bitch? I'll end your day, what you-
How you claimin hard when you a bitch? DCR the fucking gang I'm too hot to roll my own weed, fuckin up some pre-rolls In the hooptie with homies, somethin only we know Ridin thru the southside, while we bump Gambino And if somebody test us you know that we go Pacino Phone call, from a contact that I got saved Turn my phone away its got a heart emoticon name
Pick it up like whats the sitch and then he said miss me Drunk out of his mind he whispers that he wants to kiss me How could I not fall? It feels like every day that I'm off work I'm on call Waitin for you, patiently too Never felt this way before I'm always waitin for you, yeah I'm a shitty partner, I fucked up a hunnid times And you knew that back before you let me call you mine
And when I'm at my lowest, light is just so hard to find That's until you wrap your arms around me and my heart is fine I never thought about you this way But now I find myself wishing for you, reaching for you Oo-oo I'm doing, doing shit That just isn't like me Find myself begging for ya
Shit, that isn't my speed Never been the type to want another bitch to wife me But something bout ya, something bout ya I must really like, see I might find it quite confusing Yeah, really quite confusing But you do what you do And I let you
And really I just wanna, I just wanna test you Riding on this new wave On this new wave Come and show you out On some new things I really love the way you moving Baby, come and move it on me Yeah
Are you fucking stupid, guess what I just seen You're gonna be so proud of me Yeah that waste head's in the lobby, Go get him! Yo Crodie, Mike's in the lobby I don't really care if you saw me I'm the Back Door Mami Back Door, Back Door Mami Yo Crodie, Mike's in the lobby
I don't really care if you saw me I'm the Back Door Mami Back Door, Back Door Mami Look at my neck, yeah that's decadent I'm the first lady, don't got no president Set up Mami, find those residents I give him top, he said "it was excellent" Give him the , he wanna pre me
Dame leche, tell him to feed me Said I switched up, I hurt his feelings He thought I was wifey, I was just teasing I was just playing, baby boy I was just bored, now I'm annoyed Now it's your , stop your noise I'm from the 6, not from Detroit From the 6, You know I got to keep a blicky
In the AMG, riding with Pinky Got a compact, got a 50 If it get sticky, Give you , we'll leave you skinny Call my , I memorized his number I look like a bitch from Tumblr, but I'm a gunner Cause we hit him with the cuete Yeah we hit him with siete Tell the bitch "No te mentes"
Fam I shot at your way Shout out Cole, that's my Call me a whip, SB Or just call me from the 6 From the 6, You know I got to keep a blicky In the AMG, riding with Pinky Got a compact, got a 50 If it get sticky, Give you , we'll leave you skinny
Glitttt, Gang Gang TR 260 Y'all niggas know how we rockin B-Block TopOpp YS Y'all been waiting for this This twirlin shit don't stop nigga, flock nigga Rip The Guys Free The Gang 16
Go nowhere without this damn Blicky Pull up on 'em in the damn renty Windows down, you could get faded quickly, Call my block-boys, they gon' blam wit' me I shoot like Crawford, when I catch coffins, finish 'em, finish Al Horford Ain't no respawnin', spin early mornin', gang get the blam ain't no warnin' Cop it fuck costings, spin thru, no caution, call up Ray Bandz and he tossin' Shooters from Boston, run up, we off it, tweak wit' the gang, that's distortion Run up on 'em, put the gun up on 'em, told the pussy nigga, put his hands up
Black mag and the black flag in your city jumpin' out them damn trucks Spinnin' blocks up in that phantom, man down, i'm duckin' cameras Know they watchin', gotta' keep the Blicky, these civilians never understand nothin' My niggas reckless, post up on Bedford, YS gon' shoot like the Raptors Take off that necklace, Henny the beverage, you could get wiped off the checklist Talkin' that check-shit, but you want credits, call up Mo-Money, he stretch it 40 the weapon, kick it like Messi, took her down for them lessons Know this twirlin' shit don't stop nigga, free them Flock niggas, gotta' watch niggas
Big bro shootin' till he drop nigga, see a opp nigga, up the chop nigga Glittttt, Now i'm back and i'm lethal How y'all niggas want war and y'all still miss free-throws? And I ball like D. Rose Take shots to ya' face, I ain't talkin' 'bout face-opp Young God, you ain't do a nigga dirty? Yeah, I roll through your block wit' a .30, Smoke gas, now you lookin' like Pookie 3 bands hit a lick, yeah i'm Gucci
Free my Nola niggas off the island Free R-Ry, big bro was wildin' Do a hit in Bape, yeah i'm stylin' Niggas like 1-6 feet wildin' Yeah, I trap and finesse Them .40s gon' hit you and blow through your chest Smoke dope like a 'ref Niggas really want war but I blow at ya' chest
Man, I ball like KD And these niggas trynna' front, but these niggas can't hold me 30 shot like Curry 22 wit' the mop and that shit real curvy Run up on me, you gon' get the 50 Leave the crib, gon' come back wit' hunnits', Nigga, I could turn nothin' to somethin' Nigga, I could turn nothin' to stuntin' He got his hand in his shirt but he bluffin'
"AR"Jiu Shi Wo De Ming Zi Cong Lai Bu Gao AKA Na Shi Mai Huan Jiao Young Mai Cee Jiao Young Cee De old School day Freestyle Ma Dao Dui Shou Zi Can ,Jian Jue Bu Fu Shou Zhu Fei Ta Mai Biao Kan Na Ge Gui Wo Men Mai Biao Kan Na Ge Dui Sui Shi Sui Di Bei Zhao Hei Se Bei Bao AJ Pei Zhao Bape Gan Huo Bai Man Wo De Ju Ge Mi Da Han Zhao "Zai Lai Yi Xie " Jian Mian Shuo "AR Oh My God" Da Zi Shuo AR "YYDS" 2B, workin', verse hook, Ji Xu
Wu Qing Zuo Ge Ji Qi Jiu Xiang David Foster 2B, workin', verse hook, Ji Xu Zuo Ge Ji Qi Jiu Xiang David Foster You Qing You Hun Wo Xin Yong Heng Celion Dion Shuo Chang Chuan Qi Dan Zhi Zuo Si Lu Shi Shi Cheng Quincy jones Jin Ji De Ju Ren Jing Qi Shen Ji Cheng Ji Hen Zhe Xi Sheng Qi Wen Ji Sheng Zhe Yi Zhu Neng Zhui Su Dao Leng Bing Qi Na Shi Dai Dou Shou soul food Jiu Xiang Ge Si Chu
Flow so "old school" Jiu Xiang Shi "Si Shu " Ru Guo Si Ma Qian Huan Zai Ta Hui Gei Zhe Shou Ge Lu Yi Ge skit Ta Hui Gei Wo Lu Yi Ge "skr" Zai Gei Wo Lu Yi Ge "skeet" Fa Ta Clubhouse Yao Qing Ma Rang Ta Qiang Xian Ting Wo De Xin Zhuan Ji Wo Men Hui Gen Ju Da Jia Ti Chu De Wen Ti Lai Zhu Ge Hui Da Ying Xiang Li Xiang Shi Ma Si Ke Gen Na Qiao Bu Si Zai Dui Hua Ru Guo Ni Huan Bu Shou David Foster Cha Cha Kan Ni Hui Fa Xian Earth Wind & Fire He Chaka Khan
Bian Qu Kan Si Jian Dan Shi Ji Cang Zhao Huo Yan Xiang Ge Keng Wo Du Du Nang Nang Du Neng Bian Cheng Liao phenomenon Wu Qing Zuo Ge Ji Qi Jiu Xiang David Foster Zuo Ge Ji Qi Jiu Xiang David Foster Let me tell you something ay ay Let me tell you something ay ay Ru Guo Mei Yin Le hey hey Cong Lai Mei Yong ghostwriter
Da Kou Die Shou Mai Zhao Xiao Shi Hou Zai Na Chang Zhao "tippin' on 4-4" Wo ridin' in slo-mo Ye Jian Hua Xing Chang Pian Fa Xing Dao Yan Jia Jin go pro Wo Shi Shuo Chang Hen Huo De dealer Xiong Di they act gorilla Keep it realer than real De
I'm so scared of losin' I'm afraid of failure I don't check my emails I forget my passwords I forget my keys I don't wanna grow up I'm so scared of losin' I'm afraid of failure
I don't check my emails I forget my passwords I forget my keys Plus I can't park for shit Woke up late today, ain't even brush my hair How can I have a home when no ones ever there? Just me, just me They're gonna stare at me, I'm insecure as fuck
But I put this shit on 'cause I don't give a fuck I woke up late today, I don't wanna grow up Never too old to have fun Never too old to have fun Fun Call me I don't show up Always got ya nose up somebody's ass You scared to be alone but that's apart of being grown up
Raa Swag Fresh yeah these hoes jockeying me Fly nigga that's how it's suppose to be Swag Fresh why these nigga's hating me cause I'm bagging they bitch's like groceries Swag Fresh yeah these hoes jockeying me Fly nigga that's how it's suppose to be Swag Fresh why these nigga's hating me cause I'm bagging they bitch's like groceries Raa
Crack in the 80's ran the game Crack in the 80's turned most insane Crack in the 80's stole the fame Crack in the 80's Crack crack crack crack coming out my vocals I was born in 86 daddy flipping them bricks he got shot in the arm he had to stop that shit my uncle snorting Cocaine ain't life that bitch my cousin went fed talking he was gone be rich and I ain't spoke to him since man the shit don't make sense back then and right now crack mean power make a nigga check in a hour but shit could go sour casket followed by flowers ya momma on the scene screaming help me Howard gun shots bare face niggas ain't cowards home of the goons I reside in Broward Crack in the 80's so much pain Crack in the 80's ran the game Crack in the 80's turned most insane
Ice cold, blood trapped inside my body I'ma always keep the pole beside me And I call this hoe Mbali Mbali She the reason I don't do karate Ain't no Jackie Chan, I'm Jackie... I say thank you God, but why me? I got like 3, 4, 5, 6 bags inside the coat
I was going out so sad, the boy down bad, I needed a coach Now I got the key to city I cut up the game, yeah fuck it I slit it I came with the gang, you know it's all litty They call me Messiah, and yeah I know why I came with the fire Tell all my enemies I wish 'em God speed Yeah I'm always listenin' I know they got speech
Kazaljke zure, oni bi hteli da umrem Ona i ja, dream team - Joker i Harley Quinn Kad voli, voli da boli, nevolju volim, s tobom na all-in Crta po staklu - Disney, vrati mi se kao frizbi Amsterdam je u rizli Volim je kad ispizdi Dok gori grad Opet sam
April je Ko Cartie April je Opet sam Ko Cartie Ceo zivot fontana Pare, zene i sranja Jezi se koza na svaki dodir, slupala mi srce ko automobil
Tako ludu je volim Kao magija, vudu Ja bi za tebe sve A ti bi mene na sudu Tu sam i kada nisam, kul sam, uvijek blistam Dao sve, dobio nista Ma nista Dok gori grad
Izgoret' cu, poludjet' cu Bez ljubavi znaj Ne dozvoli, ne dozvoli Da nam dode kraj Izgoret' cu, poludjet' cu Bez ljubavi znaj Ne dozvoli, ne dozvoli Da nam dode kraj
And I deal with this shit And I deal with, and deal with this shit My ugly Yeah Uh huh Jayeazywhat I'm only 22 and I'm balding I'm 5 foot 2
Name a shawty that would want me A grown ass man that lives with his mommy Hit her in a D.M. and she'll just ignore me Nobody could love me I think that it's lovely I'm the only one that's gon' deal with my ugly Deal with my ugly Deal with my ugly I wear the same clothes that I bought with unemployment
Wore the same Gucci shorts 'til it got annoying I don't got a job, but I got a plot If you think I'm down bad now, just watch No Motley Crue, but Imma take it to the top People don't believe in me, I'm all that I got It's me against the world, like I'm 2Pac No, I didn't catch a body, if I show up to your You and your friends were laughing at me in town
Hoes love me, hoes hate me We got so many She pull her skirt up for your boy like it's the Roaring twenties Countin' more twenties Hoes love me, hoes hate me We got so many She pull her skirt up for your boy like it's the roaring twenties
A twenty dollar bill make that ass shake I give you one dime for a twenty dollar hand shake Twenty back strokes give her back pains I got green everywhere around me, look like grass stains All the single ladies, keep your hand raised She a foreign shorty, so we using Google Translate Did a couple things that I can't say If she want the truth, then I'm ripping off the band-aid
2020 vision with the black frames Roaring twenties, but it's feeling like a second Black Plague We are not the same, what a damn shame Back then, I got mad shade from my classmates But, I guess that's the way it go Draw a line up in the sand, we got the SOS like "SAVE OUR SOULS" Ain't nobody eating off my plate, I'm taking those to-go Tell her that she trippin' if she think that I'm gon' pay for both
'Cause, she an expensive bitch When the waiter come around, I ask for separate checks Now she go and tell her friends this ain't no regular dick Tell her say my name louder, needs more emphasis Said I got a couple hits that I can bless you with And she got a couple friends and they extra thick I can't keep a bitch around don't need the extra stress I make her pack up all her things like it's class dismissed
Say you one of me, 'cause I need the validation Need to watch your speed, think you causin' fascination Put you in that box, what the fuck you think you sayin'? If it ain't "Old Town Road," Lil Nassy, I ain't playin' Nigga, just stick to what you best at I suggest, make a song like this Yep, I'm switching up with pros, lil' nigga you ain't good, huh Just because you can that ain't meaning that you should, no
I got respect for all my elder Yeah i got to win me some medal You know the risk that i took! Made my vision clearer too Used to jot on my school book Now i'm jotting on my song book Yeah dreams really do come true They say the sky is your limit ooou
What if the dreams turns out bad? Is you still gonna live fast? I dyed my hair to a blonde Picture paints a thousand words I told her that i'm the plug But but action speaks loud than words I keep it going Teazatee
Off the right amount of liquor, I might Turn the crib into a club, we might Spending money cause it's fun, I might For the right amount of money, she might I might , she might , we might 'ey might , I'm like , she might They might , we might When they copped the Lamb', I had her turn into a brinks
Seen her on the gram, I had her turn into a sink She just lost her man, I'm about to turn her into a freak Yeah 250 on my dash, I take her lurking to the streets She might, She might, do what I asked her to Throwin' this cash at you Throwin' it fast at you Do what I have to do But don't want to answer to
They say I'm spending too much No one was asking you Depositing checks and stepping on necks Man we came up all these steps 250 on my neck and my jeweler just sent a text We got the game in a hex You know a question is next Turn the crib into a club, we might
Spending money cause it's fun, I might For the right amount of money, she might I might , she might , we might 'ey might , I'm like , she might They might , we might Laying in my bed, but she can't spend the night Cause if she gets too comfy send her back home on a flight Diamonds on my neck the ice hidden like a blizzard
Celine suits and boots Gimme the loose, hmph Yeah A champagne toast and a tux, so classy Parties at the castle, I'm a real life Gatsby She said "I love your voice, it sounds so raspy" I whispered in her ear, the rest happened so fastly Real good girl but to me she's so nasty
I won't kiss and tell, thought I told you don't ask me I'm chill now, don't ask me All I can say is I made her body so happy From the Bay that's why this game was acquired Until I moved out to the NO, soaked it up, got inspired I chased what I want, got everything I desired I go for days on end, I swear, I never get tired, let's go Ooh, my back achin' from all this wagon that I'm draggin'
And yeah, my little feet hurt 'Cause I've been running through your mind all day You better get right or you gon' get left You better get right or you gon' get left I got a line on block and if we needin' time miss your shot, babe Been working all night, yeah, alright, yeah Body looking right, yeah, it's nice, yeah
I'm the fuckin' Joker, a nightmare Bathroom sex, I'ma fuck you right there No rubbers on me, had to roll the dice, yeah Already did it so I ran it twice, yeah What's one more time, we already right here And yeah, my little feet hurt 'Cause I've been running through your mind all day I got a line on block and if we needin' time
miss your shot, babe Come on now I got the finest motherfuckers, the finest hoes, the finest bitches The biggest jewelry, the biggest cars, the biggest houses If you wanna come to my bar you better drink something We ain't doing nothing light in here And if it's a little smoke, then go ahead and light it up And, shit, twerk something, baby
Weezy F. Baby, Decatur where it's greater And uh, I want all my sexy ladies to report to the dance floor immediately We gon' Golden Glide this one y'all, speak Weezy Woo-oh Woah Oh-no, nah, nah, nah No, nah, nah, nah No, nah, nah, nah
I'ma try to sing, "Ooh-woah" Sing it on a stage, ooh-woah Be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Girl, we belong together Girl, you can say, "No" if you want but I'ma make it better I really love you, I can feel it in my soul 'Cause when you left, the memories, they will not go away, ayy Oh, lil' baby, come my way
Just call me, "Daddy," come to my place She the one for me 'cause she be jockin' the style I really love it when she ride it, she be spinnin' around Like, "Ooh-ooh" And there's somethin' that I do want you to know I fell, so baby girl, I let you go Baby girl, you're the one to wait You're like, "Oh-hey, hey, hey, hey, hey"
And girl, don't run away from me I'm tryna rub all on your feet You got a real nigga on his knees But it ain't much to say, so I'ma just sing it like "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha" It's a 333 life, huh, baby girl , just see life with me "Ha-ha-ha-ha-hoo" Yep, this one is for her
Say u the plug but u don't have the outlet U don't want smoke cause yo ass ain't about shit Shawty gone come gimmie neck like an ostrich U don't got drip with that wacky ass outfit Say u the plug but u don't have the outlet U don't want smoke cause yo ass ain't about shit Shawty gone come gimmie neck like an ostrich Whole lotta bread, I got a whole lotta hoes
But I would just rather have goals Origami, I just watch how these nigga fold Like a stripper, I came in with the pole Man I Can't fuck with her cause she's always on dumb shit She's not a ten, why u chasing a bum bitch Man I'm living my life I can't wait to get dumb rich Sick bitch, I just came in with a big stick I cannot wait til i go hit the charts
Niggas ain't think i would make it this far I peep my exes they tryna get wimmie it she wasn't there when i wasn't a star But hopefully she her lesson, that's why she broke and that's very depressing I was just tryna go give u a push but you wasn't focused on taking directions Cause i'm up next and there's nobody stopping it Imma blast off with no rocketship Nowadays I'm on the come up let's shoot a movie have bennett direct it I know my music is not built for everyone least you could is probably respect it i
How can we divide I've got to provide I think i am fly I be getting high Jesus crucified Nothing satisfy Tee with a double E Praying on my knees
I'm not distracted can't you see me looking at you Got my heart on rocket shooting to you now I'm acting crazy Tell 'em all you got a star falling, crash landing We gon' vibe, aye Baby, we gon' vibe, aye For the night baby, you do what you like, aye She told me she wanna go but that ain't all she want Tell me shit we 'bouta do the second we get home
Now I'm redlining the whip, pedal to the floor Know some shit 'bouta go down once we walk through the door I, I'm just tryna make you feel right Yeah We got the night, we ain't wasting no time We walk in but now I'm thinking about some other shit She grabbed my hand, I snapped back, she said you'll love this shit She walk to the bed, she gets under them covers and
I'm just standing there frozen Can't say a word, looking dumb, dumb, dumb Heart beating fast, buh-da bum-bum-bum-bum Knees weak, legs giving up, up, up I think I'm in love, love, love Can't say a word, looking dumb, dumb, dumb Heart beating fast, buh-da bum-bum-bum-bum Knees weak, legs giving up, up, up
Yeah, give me some head for some bread Ooh, that's lunch money, baby Rich nigga screamin' out, "Fuck money, baby" Like what money, baby? That my baby momma then she get a Mercedes Bitch, I'm rich forever, have a trust fund baby Still in the coupe goin' brazy Not a Vette, that's a Lamb baby
That my baby momma then she get a Mercedes Bitch, I'm rich forever, have a trust fund baby My kid get a trust fund I got rich and bought more guns I been shootin' like James Bond Help me up I had no bond I fucked a bitch now she rich, plain Patek on her wrist If I fuck her it's a risk, goin' raw, tryna' miss
Pull it out and tell her "Kiss it" Still in the coupe goin' crazy Not the Vette, that's a damn McLaren I pull up with Weezy, your baby starin' Bitch colder than the chain, than the ice I'm wearin' How I turned to a martyr I don't do no carin' I just caught a million dawg, need a veterinarian I'm a real deal boss, ain't no damn comparin'
Half a million Plain Pateks, I don't even wear 'em Fuck her from the back and smack it Good pussy, I'm a addict Bought a Benz and then she matte it Lunch money, I'm her daddy Throw it back, she got a fatty Baby mama get a new Benz Came with my chopper, I got no friends
It's a triple stack, I was rollin' Pop a pill and break her back in These niggas be actin' Tell your bitch 'cause you really were lackin' I ain't stressed out, I'm really relaxin' Pinky armour, money be stackin' Young nigga tryna catch a Kardashian Drop off baby then I end up crashin'
That bitch have some pain Oh shit, I'll finna paint Full of cash, not gonna paint Ice on my gang, Ice on my gang, Ice on my gang, lil' bitch I'll be rocking that Prada, Prada Got that bag, must be full of dollars Got that beige fur, call it a lama. I wanna fuck
Range Rover truck, issa big whip Road to the money, issa quick trip Blueberry Faygo in my cup, take a sip, sip See me pull up with that big drip Got the wrist lit Range Rover truck, issa big whip Road to the money, issa quick trip Blueberry Faygo in my cup, take a sip, sip
I be throwin' this money like i'm a quarterback Big money deals on my line, so imma call you back Correct me if i'm wrong, but you lookin' like you a hater Crib in calabasas, got paper all in my favor Imma have to stack all these checks, in all hunnids I ain't never stoppin' the flex, homie i run it Yeah i am making it running i count up these hunnids Ice on neck and on the wrist leave em stunted
Mon amour ca ne vas pas Elle veut du sex, elle veut du luxe Elle veut moi Elle est en train de te regarde Elle dit que j'suis mignon Vas te faire nique Dans mon rion tu veux ma coco Tu me serres la mano
Bon bon dimanche Le prix c'est tres cher mon cherie Le prix c'est tres cher mon cherie Je sais bien que tu a compris Attend dix mille Seppellisco il suo vuoto con il lavoro Mi affeziono, ma mai che m'innamoro Mi hanno strappato il cuore, non lo ritrovo
Ho perso chiunque Ho passato notti a grattare quel fondo Ho finito le unghie Ora non guardo piu indietro Si, come fa un ladro che fugge Scappo dalle paranoie, ma non posso ucciderle tutte Ho visto le cose piu assurde, fra' Ho visto la morte, dopo non c'e un lieto fine
Chi non si da colpe in genere e il primo a tradire Chi non mi conosce spesso non riesce a capire Non so come dire , non sono mai stato bravo a mentire Vorrei farti vivere con i miei occhi Cosi capiresti che cosa vuol dire venire dai blocchi Non penseresti nemmeno un secondo che rappo per soldi Amen J'suis mauvais
Tu cherches la bagarre, fils de pute Fais attention quand tu rentres Dans le cercle stupefiant Oue ma life stupefiante Pour commencer on a besoin d'assumer Maison Margiela aux pieds La musique c'est la street La street c'est la musique
These niggas funny like a tickle. I'm on probation but lately I keep me a pistol Deep in that water , yeah just like a whale Gone off that gas moving slow like a snail Aye , free that boy Lee Lee strapped with that thunder I'm feeling like CP Yeah , Aye can't see me Stevie feeling like drake when I fucked on keke
That boy keep on dissing he just wanna be me Wanted some clout we put him on a TV Rap shit I be spitting I make it look easy Don't go back and forth we gon spin like a CD Rampage hit that bitch with that rotel Come to yo house make it ring like a doorbell Locked up luh spazz got no mail Red and blue with me but this not a cop car
Hood famous I feel like a block star Turnt with the bros boy I feel like a pop star Yeah , aye , huh let me get right Luh spazz finna blow yea just sit tight Smoking on gas yeah ya boy on a big flight Keep me a yungeen with me like ksoo Me and the gang stick together like play dough Big ass gun that bitch came off of halo
Not making no post if you play you gon lay though Luh Spazz be turnt up , that bih wanna fuck but I know that she burnt up Send a blitz they rush us , keep that fye on my lap but I bet they won't touch us Tied in the streets boy I feel like a shoe string That choppa be stressing that bih going through things Yo bitch wanna fuck cause she like how I do things I bees in that trap boy I'm feeling like 2 chainz First day out I'm official you know ima blow like a whistle
Splash back that tsunami Damn she tasty It's a race whenever I'm involved Loves me crazy, my lil baby Ridin' my lil pony She always call my phone Yeah she can't leave me alone Tracksuit brazy
Backstreet baby Splash back that tsunami Damn she tasty It's a race whenever I'm involved, uh Love me crazy, my lil baby Ridin' my lil pony She always call my phone Yeah she can't leave me alone
Calvin Klein across my sliders, they be on - they cozy This lil bitty hoe, she talkin' to me like she know me They said "Wake up, smell the roses", but they ain't that rosey I be on my own, I'm ridin' solo - never lonely Yeah she think she know me Love me bitch, then show me Messin' with my homies, if she test me - let her go free But she got my clothes
Gotta let her know she can't be keeping my Vuitton It's a race whenever I'm involved, uh Love me crazy, my lil baby Two rings, bitch I pull up and flex in your face You know I got it and you want it, ain't the time or the place I'm with mob, we steady boolin', ain't got time for no lady Unless you chop it up and then I'll take a slice of your cake
Patrick, Sandy, Krabby Patty Gary stole my swagger I'm not happy, they be cappin' But it doesn't matter You a fatty, Gavin, Stacey Smell like Pepperami When we active, "Frazer baby" It's a race whenever I'm involved
One day I'm gonna make you mine Before then Before then, I'll love you in the meantime One day Ooh, one day I'm gonna make you mine Before then Before then, I'll love you in the meantime We could take a little trip down the coast
We could take a little trip wherever you wanna go Wherever you wanna go Yeah, baby hold my hand We can walk from Brighton to Hove; no sand Look at the Sun off the Ocean it's gold, the horizon I look in your eyes and I'm thinking it... Ooh, I love you so much baby And at the moment I feel so amazing
But I don't know if you'll take me Maybe one day Baby I can only hope One day I'm gonna make you mine Ooh, one day I'm gonna make you mine I can wait Yeah I can wait for you Baby, for you
Oh oh We can work this out Messing with a real one, I can show you down south We can do what you want, baby I'ma be down We can do what you want, baby I'ma be down yeah And I could be with you but you're just too much like me And I could make my move but I think we should wait Mm, but then we meet, you make me feel some way
I want you to take me as I am And if I'm being honest this a dream I hope you don't pinch me by the hand At the first glimpse, I seen your wings Can you hold me tight before we land Treat her like an angel with that physique I think you could save me from my sins So, baby can you love me?
Baby can you love me, love me for the wind And every time you touch me Yeah, every time you touch me, I feel it underneath my skin So baby if you feel what I feel, if you really think it's real then I don't have to read your mind I promise that the truth hope the bullshit doesn't build 'cause it happens every time What if you don't have to lose your life? So let's start over get a second try We can take a second try at life
What if you don't have to lose your life? So let's start over get a second try We can take a second try at life Baby can you promise me one thing I want you to take me as I am And if I'm being honest this a dream I hope you don't pinch me by the hand At the first glimpse, I seen your wings
I wrote a letter to myself In the form of a song I can play when the Sun shines I know better than to trust Anything that I say to myself when I'm this high Ay, ay, ay, ay I don't ever wanna fall when I'm this high Ay, ay, ay, ay I just did a interview with my eyes closed
I just sparked a blunt, it looked like pyro Only comments I see are the bad ones Only playlists I like are the sad ones Yeah, I let the medicine in, I know it don't help in the end But I got depression again I had a meeting at 7, I skipped it and slept in and woke up at 7 PM I cut my hair off like Britney Sprinkle dust like a pixie, wiped my nose like it's itchy
I'm tatted up, I don't give a fuck, yeah When I'm this high, when I'm this high I just looked in the mirror, who is this guy? It's a full Moon, where the good shrooms? I'm too fucking high, sound like a good school Higher than Jehovah, highway to heaven you know I'ma get pulled over, I might need a chauffeur Lean in my soda so I'ma need a shoulder
Let that ho fall, ain't no ho savin' Bitch Comethazine, bitch, and I'm piped the fuck up Heat him up, leave him dry like a raisin Let that ho fall, ain't no ho savin' Balls to the wall, go batshit crazy I ain't trippin' at all 'cause I brought the .380 Cut like this 'cause a OG waitin'
We spin blocks up in a old Mercedes We tote Glocks to see another day And to my face, they ain't got nothin' to say Showed her the d--, showed her the dick and that little bitch ate it .556 to the face of who hatin' Knock his jacket off, no masturbation Asked that boy what's the price of a facelift I got him right and he ain't have to pay shit
Hit that man with a Russian AK Clip knock out his noodles and sprinkle some Cajun Balls to the wall, go batshit crazy I ain't trippin' at all 'cause I brought the .380 Cut like this 'cause a OG waitin' We spin blocks up in a old Mercedes We tote Glocks to see another day And to my face, they ain't got nothin' to say
Mm, okay, so you say you a gangsta? Tell me, what's a gangsta to a fuckin' top ranker? Ballin' on you boys, on the court, LeBron James ya We don't play with toys, these firearms provide danger Gun up on my waist like wild, wild West ranger She didn't even know me, but got wild with a stranger Mm, okay, so you say you a gangsta? Tell me, what's a gangsta to a fuckin' top ranker?
Get the fuck out of my place I saw Tears running down on your face Oh my god what a waste of emotions You're a queen Should never be treated that way Yeah I have a habit of speaking rudely See I never stay in the same place
For too long I feel safe when I make these songs I've got a side piece fuck her like my main chick Then I treat my main chick Like shes my side piece Please don't run away I need you to stay Don't live me by myself
Go Hmm-hmm, hmm In a bulletproof black Tahoe Fuckin' on your ho, we the Bang Bros This a Glock, we don't even name bro We is not the same bro Open up your eyes, let 'em inside Even in the night, see the angels cry
She said that, "I'm proud of you" I don't wanna lie to you Calling out your name when I'm down Blow 'em out the brain Show 'em no mercy when all you know is pain Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We drop them down, put you in the field Like a Navy SEAL, I'm going straight for the kill
Fighting all my demons in a past life This gon' be the last time Told my shorty, "I just wanna die" Toe tag, body bag, you pay the price Give a fuck what a nigga say, they gon' die Got the choppas, we gon' put you down, take your life What your problem is? I'll put you on the list alright I'll roll you like a fuckin' blunt and smoke you, now I'm high
Looking at a mirror like, "Fuck, who am I?" Fuckin' on your bitch, she love it when she taking pipe Love a mean bitch 'cause that pussy too nice Toe tag, body bag, you pay the price Give a fuck what a nigga say, they gon' die Hmm-hmm, hmm In a bulletproof black Tahoe Fuckin' on your ho, we the Bang Bros
Bang my chest like my name King Kong Brickatu, brickatu, man gon' make them fall Brickatu, brickatu, smash his head off the wall Gorilla in the jungle, man, I don't sing song Bang my chest like my name King Kong Brickatu, brickatu, man gon' make them fall Brickatu, brickatu, smash his head off the wall Uh, the wild boys, King Kong of the cowboys
You see the bloodshed after you hear the loud noise We black outlaws, opposite of the Proud Boys Comin' on horseback, mission to bring the boss back Came to kill shit, tell 'em that they can all come Harder they fall, that's dependin' on where they fall from They tryna figure out where did we get the call from I'm tryna see where the fuck did they get the gall from Right after the heart stop, the brain stops
Whenever the clock stops, the game stops Question is, when does the pain stop? If you do it more than once then you know you a killer You do it more than that then you know that you iller You slip through the cracks, get dough and be triller Why would you even play when you know we gorillas? Feelin' like I'm in my best shape ever , neck full of treasure My investments together, might have Jeff do the leather
Hamilton, I don't fold, I expected the pressure So don't compare me to nobody, boy I'm the illest nigga next to whoever tell 'em rappers behave Them subliminals on Twitter don't really rattle my cage Notice when I mention my release date, had 'em afraid Made legends get in they bag when they heard the way I spazz Shooters on the road, them niggas half of my age They will clap, clap, splatter your waves
Niggas ain't fuckin' with none of the shit I scribble down on the page Then I'm paid a 100K to go spit that on the stage Look, the road wasn't easy, I ain't perfect Nobody put me on, I just put the work in My bitch keep my pole in her Birkin, if I'm up it, it's curtains Y'all know who runnin' this shit for certain Machine, nigga We raised by wolves in the crack den
We the Chicago Bulls, nigga, of back then That boy Tiger Woods, don't make me back nines We paid in full, sheep skin with the wool PTSD, from the concrete Jungle, I move a bundle, a hundo at my peak My cocaine records stand up next to Meech Tiger cubs in the clubs, helicopters above Yeah, dem flex weak, I speak Patois
Mafia, woah, you know I put rimes on the paper Mafia, woah, woah I stay in the bando, counting money, yeah, yeah, yeah , yeah I wanna make cash, stash on stash on stash on stash I wanna become a trapper, trapper, trapper, ow yeah Hold up, racks on racks on racks on racks, yeah Wanna make cash, stash on stash on stash on stash Mafia, woah, you know i have diamonds, bro
Mafia, woah, you know I put rimes on the paper Mafia, woah, woah I have only love for my family, yeah, yeah Let them come, let them hold Put them in the car and leave like I'm not to blame I'm not to blame, my bitch is fine She wanna hold me, I want it to last I murder anything for my people, homie you know I commit crime
Sto mi trepces okicama kad znamo se od ranije? Brze, bolje, opasnije, belo opasno radi je Ne brine se, o mom Benzu sere, radi jos glasnije je O joj, na tebi miris moj Kad okrene leda, ti okreni moj broj O joj, mi smo dobar spoj Dodi da ti pokazem da nije ti tvoj O joj, na tebi miris moj
Kad okrene leda, ti okreni moj broj O joj, mi smo dobar spoj Dodi da ti pokazem da nije ti tvoj Ti bi u Porsche, nikad Reno Ona 'oce jos i jos, dresira mi ego Uvija mi telo na belom, na vratu njeno labelo Lepo mi leglo, allegro, jebeno vrelo, ma Zakljucana vrata, steze me oko vrata
Do it turn you on, shawty? Tell me if I'm wrong I can see it in your eyes when you high That you feelin' my vibes, baby, you ain't gotta lie I been waitin' all day to get high With you, shawty, you know you my boo I got all this weed for you, girl, let's get high I just got your text, that said, "Where you at?" You had a long day, I got some weed for your stress
'Bout to wash up and get dressed , send me your address And I'll be on my way, let's fuck and roll up some haze I pull up to your place, see that smile on your face Show me just how much you miss me, come take off all this BAPE Girl, you know you wanna get high With me, shawty I got what you need, me, Backwoods and hella weed I can't wait to get high With you, girl, with you, girl, you should know, you should know
I can put you on another high So let's ride, shawty, let's get high, shawty 'Cause, girl, I love it when we high Do it turn you on, shawty? Tell me if I'm wrong I can see it in your eyes when you high That you feelin' my vibes, baby, you ain't gotta lie I been waitin' all day to get high With you, shawty, you know you my boo
I got all this weed for you, girl, let's get high And we ridin' 'round with the top back Smokin' on this opp pack My baby, she exotic, but together, we so toxic Just me, you, and Mary Jane, this thing'll never change We take off like a plane, then we go M.I.A And I love it when we high 'Cause I know that leads to you gettin' naked
You pull out my 'Wood and then you face it This the type of shit, you can't replace it And I love it when we high That smoke and fuck then chill Tequila refills, I love it when we both high, yeah, yeah-yeah I wanna get high, oh, yeah, I I just wanna get high, oh, yeah, I I just wanna get high with you, I just wanna get high with you
Fuqupei d here now I miss her silly XOHLFE Big Butts I'm bussin bro Lights camera set there's action 4 the fuckin snow Turn nothing into something Don't believe me sit back & Watch me glow She swears that I care too much
Girl how can I With all these blunts Shawty wanna rock wit me Tricks r finessin me Girl tell me you love Yeah say these lies to me I won't deny baby Maybe of meant some things to me
Like everyday I'm fucking up, rodeo Bitch, I got the stars, Angel here, Alfredo She just really wanna mop around with Gerald And the sauce's red, this bottle not for sale, ay-ay Hundred trillion pesos Hundred trillion pesos, got a hundred trillion pesos I be spending money everyday though, if there ain't enough They both "boo, that's okay, though", like what you trying to say though?
Set it off the level, takin' off Set it off the level, takin' off Set it off the level, takin' off, yeah You ain't had your sister laid enough If it ain't a milli, it ain't enough Uh More than a milli, trilli, trilli, trilli, trillion, trillion dollars Stake a ice shop, baby, baby, I'm the baller
Three phones ring, deal, I keep it coming over White snow, ski slope, avalanche starter More than a milli, trilli, trilli, trilli, trillion, trillion dollars Stake a ice shop, baby, baby, I'm the baller Three phones ring, deal, I keep it coming over White snow, ski slope, avalanche starter Set it off the level, takin' off, yeah You ain't had your sister laid enough
When you wake up in the morning And the feelings don't fade If they did it wasn't to my knowledge On a late, late, late, late night It's your decision Tell me where to go when you're sad But be careful City lights can make a good girl go bad
But you were in love with me You were in love with the city Look in the mirror, is there a face of you? Did you let the lights The lights have a change on you How can I blame you For not wanting me to claim you? You never liked the attention
The looks and the stares Fuck would they think about you? Fuck would they think about you? About you When you say you're lonely, you're happy But I want to be the one to make you happy Hold on, my baby, with heartache I hope my face starts to look familiar
You say that you're happy for me But you don't seem happy for me This shit is coming from an honest place, a line between my personal life and music is a race And don't ever sleep 'cause the moment I drift off Another nigga eats then takes off, it's ironic cause I'm tired of it And you don't want your life to change from it, you want the same old same old You can tell that there's a change coming But progression is a way of life, and I don't work so hard to have my name buzzin'
You in the cut and you try your best to refrain from it I spoke to money, he told me to pray hard, and I'm finna lower held the game And you know it, but you wind into that fame, so I blew it Shit is gon' be crazy when my crew hit And trust is a defense that we got love for each other But you ain't going through no storm for a brother Tryna act like you the victim of the situation I'm chasing my dreams, you acting like I'm on vacation, fuck you mean?
How can I blame you For not wanting me to claim you? You never liked the attention The looks and the stares About you When you say you're lonely, you're happy But I want to be the one to make you happy Hold on, my baby, with heartache
Txiga perto mi ka nu dispidi chama tem ki cendi E flan ma gossi so di quatro e ami tranquilo ta puxa nha bula Na dia seguinti, n'ta sai fora casa, mas un dia ki e pa fatura E ta ligan, ta flan pan bai El e nha fan, nu sta fora lei Bu ta conquistan, fitxa boka, nu bai Foi memo kel pikena, ki dexan ku tusa na hora di muka Gana toca na kel cadera, di baxu pa riba nos cena e diferenti
Riba cama ki nu ta guerra, ko stressa, nu conversa Kel papo ki n'dau e po pensa Mas logo su kre, bu ligan, manda morada, n'ta parci sem pressa El e ta dominan, di kel menina ami dja bira fan Nha Fendi, Gucci, ami e se Tarzan Cama ta tremi enquanto ez ta txoman El e gosta di mama, tudu hora movel ta toka Manera ki n'ta odjal tambi nha stilo safoda
PHENOMENON Let me show yeah PHENOMENON Everybody know yeah Where they go man I let em know man MadeinTYO Told you from the go man
Let it go Im in a wave ya With the doors up Now way they can stop this Overseas shoppin' Yokohama poppin' Human made bape chain lemonade Never fuckin cappin Baby why you in the way
Mr. NEOTOKYO yeah Let me show yeah Everybody know yeah Where they go man I let em know man MadeinTYO Told you from the go man Let it go
Okay okay okay okay Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Ride in the May From the top Looking down, I don't play Naw, look in the Bach window Come to my side window Look at my ice like a
Take you to my kingdom Only one place to go Way up way up way up I got time and the money for The way you do it Only one place to go Way up way up way up Way up Way up
Got a driver on the pay roll Have a drink and let's lay low Take a trip if you say so What you want never say no VVS diamonds, Caribbean islands Let's go Yeah yeah yeah yeah... kirari Hua Huo
Take you to my kingdom I got time and the money for The way you do it Pink Flaminga That way Jamaica We on the way up, yeah VVS diamonds, Caribbean islands Let's go
Or lemme show you how I get it Yeah we goin' up if you let it Zun noJun ziyanaino My bad girl Get your vibe on Japanicano yeah I'm half Americano Yong ritaino
Dutty wine on Get your grind on yeah I been looking for you baby konomamanara loco like oh oh oh You're the type that I like You're the one that makes me feel this way Show me to your light Take the darkness
And the pain away Let it go Take it show I love your vibe Let's take the time Give me a sign and let me know Yeah I got a key to the city let's go Oh yeah you got a key to the city let's go
We can ride out We can fly out To an island yeah Dominicana In a Cabana Lemme massage ya, yeah Then we take it to the sauna And we pull up in the rari
She the one that got me hypnotized Xiao enai on my mind I be LOCO for that love ya LOCO city TOKYO Cui Mian Shu LOCO Goin outta control Runnin off track I'm back I'm back
Ridin Maybach ya ya I'm back ya Without you In the Night On my mind Anytime ya Zhi merarenai ya Zhi merarenai
I need you Can't deny that I need you Cus I'm crazy for that love Loco for that love Kuang tsutakonoAi Zhi merarenai Ya ya tell me if you
She the one that got me hypnotized Xiao enai on my mind I be LOCO for that love ya Where you wanna go ya Box seats at the show ya aremoYu shiikoremoYu shiinara Diamonds, Coco, and Flights to Paris ya Red bottoms and Red Raris ya
Private party, top floor, me and you Jian tsumeHe ukonoNight You & I Can't deny that Cus I'm crazy for that love Loco for that love Kuang tsutakonoAi Ya ya tell me if you
All I need All I need In my life ya Just for the night ya I just wanna love you Baby won't you come through I don't want to cuff you But we can have some fun too I just wanna love ya, yea yea
I gotta move fast I can't move slow Lei deMu noQian niShen Qi Lou Day 1 told me aim high never low Favorite food on my plate when I get home We got another hit call it baseball No.1 for my No.1 mama lets go arinomamaBiao Xian Dang Ran
Tiao Zhan konomamaZheng Ming Zi Man noXi Zi ninarufor my mama Won't stop don't stop never stop konomamaLeggo sonoRi hasugusoko Champion belt oh yeah Got it in the bag for your love Keep you on my mind everywhere I go
Li chiZhi maruShi Jian naraneeyo I gotta move fast I can't move slow Lei deMu noQian gaShen Qi Lou Get the, get the, get the, get the money now I get that, get that yeah Get that money I gotta get it now yeah Get that money
sokokaraZhe iShang gatsuta Big stage You Wan FLEX, Zuo Wan FLEX huri-damuSi Kao Hui Lu , Bill Gates Diamonds on my wrist, Diamonds on my neck Xi suraJian senai Diamonds on my whip Xian Bei niLi , Hou Bei nimoLi Ben Dang noZhong Jian dakeni Shake hands Yong tsutemiseyou Shake it
soretomoMicGuo nde Spit it PartyhaMy housedeGet it on Zhong Zhen moJi He shite, BusinessmoGet it done Tou getara Su Gong deGame set Da tsutemo ho-muranGong Shi atohamou Xiang Xiang Tong ri Er Dao Liu deQi Fu kebaMVP Double, Double Play, Double, Double Play
Double, Double Play, Bounce with Me Double, Double Play, Double, Double Play Ye Jie moRock ClubdemoRock Bie noCi Yuan daze Way up, Way up Ming Sheng toProps Yi Shi Er Niao Er Tu woZhui ukaraGet that, Get that Chu ruTV Chu teruMovie mataChu tainaterehuonshiyotsukingushiyotsukingu
Wai Che noStretch Guo Chan deDrift sonoRi noQi Fen deSwitch that, Switch that An noomotenashiStyle sotsutokoboreChu suSmile Bu Wu Zhao deCheng riIp ndekuFirst class mataVIPkaraSuitedeJue merusuramudanku Yao pandeBaggy pants su-tsuZhao teGentleman Just give me anything dotsuchidemoSwag
Fei basuShou Du Gao deRide in Mercedes Huh, Heng Mu deJian teruHaters Huh, Zhi merarenaiPaperchaser I get dough, All I know Yen, Dollar, Pesos dakaraJin Ye moJust make it rain Bae Bae Bae, Hey, Bae Bae Bae So play the game donnaShi demoGrind for my baby
One hundred, Two hundred Tell me what you want Three hundred, Four hundred Quan Bu ageyou Five hundred, Six hundred, I get, I got, Money, Money kedohontoha I just want you baby I got Mercedes if you want it, You're my baby I got diamonds to the ceiling for my baby
Yen, Dollar, Pesos dakaraitsudemoMoney over fame Bae Bae Bae, Hey, Bae Bae Bae Say what you say Jun dakenotameShine for my baby One hundred, Two hundred What you, What you want? Three hundred, Four hundred Yeah I got it all
There's no limit to success when you can have it all You can do what you do, Get your ride on my wave You can do what you do, Get your ride on my wave Hey... I'll take you there Get your ride on my wave, Get your ride on my wave sonoShou woYin iteCheng riIp ndaStarship tameratsutenaideWe gon get it started You're my lonely girl Jun toEr Ren kiriTao Bi Xing
Kong woTu kiBa kete, Diao Zi dou? Hou Li rihaChu Lai zuniSo in love Hey, Shui kaniXie Mo saretemo We can never stop stop stop Jiao ranakuteiiyo Take it slow slow slow Baby, how you feel? I'm a crazy boy Jin Ye moXian Jie hanaiLet's take in to the top Hey... I'll take you there Ride on...Ride on... I wanna take you there..
Done dealing with your friends Hope they don't come repent Now f*** it, I'll just walk Keep me away from you Cause all you wanna do Is keep me from the truth, yeah Oh no All the lies
Oh no All the lies All the lies, yeah Oh no but All the lies, yeah Oh no but F*** it, I'll just walk I'm done dealing with you
Ice cold blood trapped inside my body I'ma always keep the pole beside me And I call this hoe Mbali Mbali She the reason I don't do karate Ain't no Jackie Chan, I'm Jackie (chop, chop, chop Chop, chop, chop, chop) I say thank you god, but why me
I'm not even worthy prolly I got like 3, 4, 5, 6 bags inside the coat I was going out so sad, the boy down bad, I needed a coach Now I got the key to city I cut up the game, and fuck it I slit it I came with the gang, you know it's all litty They calling Messiah, yeah I know why, I came with the fire Tell all my enemies I wish 'em Godspeed
Yeah, where you from? Throw that shit up If you ever fall down, better get up I ain't really worried 'bout none of that tough shit 'Cause I got shooters, I got hustlers that's gon' bust shit Ain't no fussin', trip to Atlanta Get this cup and fill it up with Fanta, yeah Word around town, you a dancer But when I call, you better answer
Where your manners? Ice so cold and my wrist so crazy They like how you did it, baby Couple bad ways and you know the hood made me I been feelin' like that lately Took a couple Ls, it was all on me Every time they fall, they gon' call on me I don't trust no ho say they all for me
What these bitches really want from a nigga? Let me see you back, back, back it up and dump it Let me see you act a fool out here, come throw that monkey Never mind the bullshit, I been gettin' to the money Pain from the past, that's the reason she keep running Show me how you comin' I ain't shit, you ain't shit neither Spin the block 'til we get even
I'ma throw these hundreds Blueface, make you bust it And it ain't up for no discussion Ice so cold and my wrist so crazy They like how you did it, baby Couple bad ways and you know the hood made me I been feelin' like that lately Took a couple Ls, it was all on me
S-a indragostit de mine wow pentru ca am un Drip nou, am un drip nou Calc in talpa rosie cand ies din ghetto Bingo, am un drip nou Chem un Uber sa ma duc pana in Dior Brigada mea full version, a ta e demo Esti pierdut ca Nemo Ring ring, suna ching ching
Imi iau bling bling, new drip drip Ma aprind, nu ma sting sting Imi iau trip trip, sunt un king kind Addicted to big things, I gotta win win Alta banda, alta viata Ma uit in mesaje vad alta fata Cumpar ceva nou nou e alta plata Tot cu fratii mei nu am alta brigada
Am un drip nou Noaptea imi iau un trip nou Fata mea face show S-a indragostit de mine wow pentru ca am un Curge triplu sec, in pahar vad triplu Jack Iceberg dau cu capul in el, suna tripu' plec Plutesc ca intr-un ocean, bam, drip nou Cand vorbesc zici ca am pupitru
She don't really love me, she just want all my energy Playing all these games I don't think she really feeling me Bitch I ain't Atari please don't play no games with me yeah Bitch please you ain't even that bad oh yeah Yeah getting money like I'm Mr. Krabs Catch me in the rari when I hit the dash Yeah, young Kamikaze boy I know they mad Don't get it twisted boy you know I'm not your average lad
Yeah, boy I know these niggas mad at me Yeah, probably cuz they don't get no money Yeah, probably cuz they girls always on me Yeah, you getting mad you need to get this cheese Bitch please you ain't even that bad oh yeah Hop up in the rari than I hit up the dash oh yeah Play me like Atari, you gonna be in a casket yeah Yeah, call me Birkin cuz I'm in my bag
Pull up at yo door Pulling at yo door With a AK-47 at the fuckin po Yeah she make me go Yeah she make me go Pull up with that thing Shoot 'em with this beam AK-47 , hit you in your spleen
Pop a Xan, now I'm counting bands, feeling like the man Pakistan, blow up Taliban, you know I'm counting bands Counting bands yeah I'm counting bands, yo bitch give me head yeah Yo bitch give me fuckin head while I'm counting bands Wake up as the fuckin man cuz I am the man Bullets heat a nigga up like he gotta tan And I don't know why they hate, all these niggas fans Hit them boys a couple times, they hit the fusion dance
Run up on the boy, I keep that thing on me Shawty acting shy cuz I know she wanna fuck on me Pull up in that rover, yeah that Bentley Rover Yo bitch acting up, so I bend her over And she ain't coming home, she ain't coming over I told her don't run like I'm Casanova Choppa get the kicking like it's fucking Jackie Chan I pop a Xan, now I'm walking in a wonderland
Two bitches in the hall You can fuck em up Two bitches in the hall You can fuck em up nh mthbt bwdym nh mnfy wnj khh mykhy bry m dwsl pysh rftym s`y khn gwsh khny chqy jy tfsyr aynh y `brt wsh shm khm nyst
khstm z tZhr bh khwb bwdn hrchy hsty hmwn bsh , msyrw m tkh mydwyym nystym tw jryn wly bzm wSlym nshwn mydym rh Sly gh rfty brngrd chwn kh drw qbl bstym mth msy myrm jlw mykhnm mn htrykh hw drn hwdr ng rftm tkhty swrm rw bytw prchmw dydm bs nyst
yh dwr dg mwndh hnw bznm t tsh mykh khwbydmw dywrh Swt shkhst Hrf nyst fkh fykh rfth twy lywny `n hystwry mybyny yh dyrh dwrh hm hmh sygrw glw Hsh yh msht dywwnh khlw rd nwrh khlnh jlw dr fqT yh rhh frr hs hmh by Hlw khlfn wnqd bl rftym fqT mybynym pdfnd
What I feel inside It's true Girl, Your all I need Give you my whole life It's for fill Out of all control Girl, You all I need Give you my whole life
It's for fill I just wanted to let you know That I feel the way you do You are my destiny My heart, my soul, and the rest of me I don't care what my home girls say Cause I care in a special way This passion I can't control
I can't wait to see your love unfold I just can't deny What I feel inside It's true Girl, Your all I need Out of all control Girl, You all I need Take my love you know it's real
Don't be afraid you know the deal Want to be the one you love in the dark To share your love and all for more Let us love foward from this day I wanna always be your lady There's much that we can do Oh baby, I can't the way I feel about you I can't imagine my whole life without you
Her and all her friends they do the most in that Gucci They my pictures, no, why they do that Baby I put that on my that's my true swag True swag, true swag, yeah yeah some niggas accidentally so I say my bad Hellcat, yeah the SRT turbo engine we go fast Scratch that, yeah she want me but I told her I can't do that I got on on my feet but I don't run no track, no
Hardbass is his favorite topic He's strong, he's fast, and forever he will last Poland strong, go to space Hussar Gopnik win the race You will meet him at a party Drinking much, he's a smartie! Hussar Gopnik, he is strong Hussar Gopnik, he is fast
Hussar Gopnik, it is him Hussar Gopnik, Hussar Gopnik Hussar Gopnik, he is strong Hussar Gopnik, he is fast Hussar Gopnik, Hussar Gopnik Party like Hussar Gopnik! Party like Hussar Gopnik! He likes music that is pumping
Hussar Gopnik is a bass king Charging in his way of fun You'll be smiling when you're done Alan Aztec brings the beat Gopnik Hussar makes it hit One horse, two wings, three stripes, and drink Hussar Gopnik, one horse Hussar Gopnik, two wings
I'm punching everything we do moshpit I got a vamp gang waitin' for me We got the choppas we on the streets Vamps outside , you need to sneak Bitch , I'mma that one you wanna be You wanna be , Yeah You wanna be , Yeah Yeah , I'mma beast
Yeah , I'mma , yeah , I'mma beat yeah She want me she wanna get some beans Yeah , I got drip Rick all on my jeans I'm going crazy with punk teens I'm punching everything we do moshpit Moshpit , yeah , real moshpit In moshpit , yeah , moshpit , yeah Yeah-uh-uh
Let these niggas know Let these niggas know Let em know nigga, you tell 'em nigga Do we put it on these mothafuckas? Ain't nothin' to it like this, no doubt With me you die nigga When thugs cry, Outlaw Ayy, Kastro, the he who say could die
Haha, you don't know? Outlaw Hahaha, no doubt When thugs cry, hey I think it was the song or the vibe So what, still wanna feel love? When thugs cry Hahaha, word up, that's it Did you know I own all that shit you see in you? Did you hear about that? , oh for real? Like truly?
Saade Agge Namazan Gairan Nal Jaam Lage Si Mai Bewafa Nahi Bass Ilzaam Lage Si Saade Agge Namazan Gairan Nal Jaam Lage Si Mai Bewafa Nahi Bass Ilzaam Lage Si
Unke Baare Batana Kya Aata Hai Unko Tumhein Chup Karana Tum Jinke Ho Abhi Unke Baare Batana Kya Aata Hai Unko Tumhein Chup Karana Jaani Ne Ro Ro Ke
Samandar Bhar Diye Kya Tum Bhi Ro Ro Ke Mera Chann Taan Kho Gaya Mere Kol Te Reh Gaye Ne, Ambar De Taare Ne Dilbara Ve Teriyan Dilbariyan Hoya Dur Meri Jaan Te Bann Aa Dilbara Ve Teriyan Dilbariyan Hoya Dur Meri Jaan Te Bann Aa
I wanna get on top I wanna show you how this pussy pop I wanna feel every inch I wanna get up on that dick I wanna go up and down Then in and out, go round for round I just wanna ride that dick Make you cum, then give it a kiss
I wanna put my feet on the bed and jump off, start givin' you head I wanna fuck you so good, you know good pussy come from the hood You know good pussy smell like water, my pussy tight and it feel like a choker Bitch, shut the fuck up, that nigga still gon' get fucked I still ain't get touched, but pull my hair, boy, I like it rough Your dick hella bougie, it be walkin' 'round here all stuck up I be walkin' 'round like, "What's up?" Since you tough, beat my pussy up
My ass fat, nigga, lift it up Go slow so I can bust a nut I got my face down, ass up That's the way we like to fuck My face down, ass up That's the way we like to fuck My face down, ass up That's the way he bust a nut
Bend it over, put it in my gut Freaky bitch, I can't get enough Nasty as I wanna be Beat it up just to see you skeet My pussy fat, look like a peach My pussy good, nigga, come and eat Face down, ass up Fuck
Skr Skr Noaptea ma trezesc Parfum arabesc Nu mai tre sa muncesc Nu stau la semafor, ca de la atatia bani vad totu' verde Vreau o casa cu piscina in Malibu 3 tipe ca 2 nu-s de aj uns Tipe bune dau din cur pe For You
For me, on me Prin cate am trecut sa pot sa zic azi ca am tot ce voiam Prin cate am sa trec o sa ma gandesc ca obisnuiam Tre' sa fac mai bine ca anu' trecut Am ajuns sa am tot ce mi-am dorit, tot ce am vrut I-am promis lui mama ca n-o sa ajung rau Si lui tata i-am promis ca n-o sa ajung la bulau Aud Azrael in sus in jos
De cand buzunaru-i gros N-am sacou da' tot sunt boss Acum e casa cu piscina unde ma trezesc Si am dat in bara Nu conteaza ca incerc iara Durere in nara Prin cate am trecut sa pot sa zic azi ca am tot ce voiam Prin cate am sa trec o sa ma gandesc ca obisnuiam
Drinking till i'm high Drinking till i'm high till i'm high Cause i'm a rock star i'm a super star Like an economy calling me For selling my company She's in a cardigan who gonna follow me Honestly honesty wanna be wanna see Rollin' and rollin' tho i know i'm gonna die
I know i'm gonna die X3 sbb llm mknsh lyh d`y sbb lshr kn nksh f dmGy f lwD@ m` byt rb `ml byh trb bSTd t`byn mn lsyn d hw myn d d myn khb wd syn CAP wn bqlmy wrym w`ml syn tny qdm I'm a super star rock star
Drinking till i'm high Drinking till i'm high till i'm high Cause i'm a rock star i'm a super star nzl b`d nS llyl m`y zz@ wfyh lkhyr shlt hmy mn Gyr lyh They know i don't fkn care msh hsyb llyl
All the things in my life are gonna fade away Everyday I've pretended I can be okay But I don't wanna fucking say 2021 x2 but I'm still alive 2021 x2 fuck all the rules Nothing's real but it's all fucking true Zao Shang Qi Chuang Shua Ya Liao Mei Bu Chi Zao Fan Chu Liao Wo Huan You Shui
Praying dancing dating dripping Drinking vaping partying all fucking day Hen Jiu Mei Jian De Peng You Huan Shi Zhao Bu Dao Xin Peng You Chu Liao Liao Tian Zhi Sheng Xia He Jiu Everyday I've been trying not to wake up late All the things in my life are gonna fade away Everyday I've pretended I can be okay But I don't wanna fucking say
2021 x2 but I'm still alive 2021 x2 fuck all the rules Nothing's real but it's all fucking true Er Ling Er Yi Wo Zhong Wei Si De Ren Sheng Ru Xi Zhong Wei Shui Xing Zhun Bei Er Ling Er Er Zi Wen Jin Nian Zuo Zuo dMie Ge Nao Dai Hao Si Du Wu Shou Kong Zhi
BITCH I WANNA FIGHT YUH IM READY TO FIGHT YUH BITCH I WANNA FIGHT YUH GET THE FUCK, OUT MY FACE BITCH YOU ARE, A DISGRACE I DON'T CARE, WHAT YOU SAY IMMA PUT YOU IN YOUR PLACE IN YOUR YARD, LIKE A GNOME
Society is in a dump Cry babies rioting for fun The earth grows hotter then the sun Cause global warming on the rise The human race will meet demise We gotta face our fate and rise And come together to survive The negativity will make us slip
We gotta go in with Love not shit We gotta pop off as one unit Imma grab my lighter and burn there script Aye Yuh You can take this song how you want I honestly don't give a fuck Aye
"LETS GET FUCKED UP GOTTA GET FUCKED UP ALL I CARE ABOUT IS DOING DRUGS AND DOING DUMB STUFF DRIVING CARS FAST HIT THE DASH LIKE A RETARD I DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT MY LIFE IM GIVING NO REGARDS" That's how everybody on this planet actin lately And everybody wondering why everything is crazy
Yeah, take it up with me No, I'm not the enemy Baby, watchu trynna do? I'm trynna get closer to you Yeah, watchu doin'? I dunno Where we trynna go to eat? Lookin' like I wanna sleep with you baby Yeah, baby, ain't it fuckin' crazy?
What you doin' to me Get the fuck up out my head Watchu doin'? Yuh Get the fuck up out my head Honestly, without you, yeah I know I'd be dead Every day, yeah you know I wanna sleep with you in a bed Honestly this shit a fuckin' baby Ay, ay, yup, yup
Diamonds on my neck Yeah, you know they gon' shine Lookin' like, yeah you, know this my motherfuckin' time, bitch Smoke another blunt to the face, yeah the past time, bitch I don't really know where to go from here Yeah you know, this shit just ain't crystal clear Yeah baby, yeah I'll hold you dear Yeah baby, yeah baby, I hear you
I hear you, I hear you, yeah yeah Yeah yeah, yeah yeah Where we trynna go to eat? Lookin' like I wanna sleep with you baby Yeah, baby, ain't it fuckin' crazy? What you doin' to me Watchu doin'? Yuh Honestly, without you, yeah I know I'd be dead
Every day, yeah you know I wanna sleep with you in a bed Honestly this shit a fuckin' baby I need you so damn much, baby This shit really be drivin' me crazy Every day on the motherfuckin' ground with you I wanna spend the rest of my life with you Reach the goals that I've grinded for with you I can't see myself going on and on and on and on without you
Like Ashley Hughes you be some fags I'm tryna run up a bag It's hard to do shit when these bitches always nag I run, you walk, so can you please get off my back You all some bitches, like Ashley Hughes you be some fags Run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up She want, she want me, she want me to- woah You talk shit but you a bitch
I'm moving down the rail I grind that You could smack me around like a salmon I cat But I won't feel a thing my bones don't even crack And if you're needing the crack you might just tweak this track I'm hammering for weeks the old me wouldn't do that These things I bring to the table just to gobble some fat Am I eating these shrooms well here's an empty sack Might turn back if I'm landing so flat
My dreams they go unheard probably shouldn't spit that I don't wear jewelry most might find it attract I might fall off like the ragin bull They be some square ass people wanting to pull I'm ready to pull the trigger until the lead is in full I flip the bird until it be under the squirrel I take the narrow path that circles the world I keep it in check when these chess pieces get hurled
I can't even tell if you noticed, me I was in my head for a moment I killed it off because it's hopeless, see Push up, pull up, hey Lay down, sit up, hey So we can work it out Baby I been fucked up, for too long Baby I been fucked up, for too long
Just me and another sad song Can me and my emotions tag along On my own All alone Wish sometimes you would just call my phone I been in a slump, for too long I need you to come back home How the fuck you check me on shit I ain't said was true
No balance I always knew my life would be a challenge I been putting in work just out of habit Feel like I'm finished But life ain't worth shit if you ain't doing nothing with it They been told my ass to get to work so maybe I should keep the pace cause then I won't look lazy I got too much on my plate, whoa baby
Can't waste time on lame niggas only fuck with grade A beef Headed straight towards the bread that's why these lame niggas hate me I remember days that I was oh so shaky Afraid to ask for shit but now it's fuck you, pay me And it's fuck you if you ain't pay me They know I ain't with games but they still trying to play me Got a ways to go I know I'm still in training Yeah
So just in case I end up somewhere I ain't mean to go Promise that you'll be there When I'm all alone I think that I'm falling in love right now With love right now I'm stuck right now No balance
Tss, watch out Hook : So, you ain't in it for the money, huh? Good times are a virtue So, if they come, they come In search of a hero, but you the only one And this time, I swear, they really done it, huh?! Hmph
V1 : Put dat ice up in my cup Down that jack, just like Titanic Guess I'm...late to the disco No, baby, don't Panic! And I'm...dressed in all black Just like a bandit Milking my way, rings on me like a planet
And I-I-I Sometimes I don't understand it How the, world be so cold And leave yo eyes wet like your panties And I, woah Can't stand it, and I, woah Hook : Good times are a virtue
So, if they come, they come In search of a hero, but you the only one And this time, I swear, they really done it, huh?! Say, we don't care bout if they notice though We ain't worried bout no trophies, no Guitar Solo , Vocals : Huu Yeah
You know V2 : Blood stain on my jeans, woah What happened to the dream? yeah! Shit ain't what it seems So, tell me, what dis mean? Tell me, what you mean?! Say, we don't care bout if they notice though
Run, nigga run, nigga run, nigga run, nigga run, run The LAPD are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns Run, nigga run, nigga run, nigga run, nigga run, run Atlanta Police are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns The Birmingham Police are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns The Houston Police are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns The Dallas Police are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns The Oakland Police are runnin' up with Uzis and stun guns
If you know somebody on welfare, say hell yeah! Say food stamps, food stamps, say it! Let me hear you say food stamps, food stamps, say it! Let me hear you say WIC check, WIC check, say it! Everybody say government cheese! Government cheese! Now hold up! , I said hold up! If you know somebody on welfare, say hell yeah!
Come on, and just bob your head like a chicken, girl Just bob your head like a chicken, girl Just bob your head like a chicken, girl Everybody say "bob and weave"! Everybody say "bob and weave"! Come on and just bob and weave! Come on and say: chick chick, cluck cluck Come on!
Chick chick, cluck cluck, say it! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Say chick chick, cluck cluck, say it! Breakdown! AH, UH! Ah, ah! The players in the house again, girl, bob your head like a hen Listen to the beat by Flex, girl, get on over here, work that neck Ain't nothin' wrong with you bobbin' your big head all night long I know you a freak, so get on over here, work that dick
I can't believe it, the way you bob and weave it You know the game, it ain't no thing but a chicken wing You know what's up, girl, bob your head, chick chick, cluck cluck! One time! Come on, and just bob your head like a chicken, girl I said, bob your head like a chicken, girl Let me see you just bob and weave! Everybody just bob and weave!
Everybody say chick chick, cluck cluck Say it! Chick chick, cluck cluck, say it! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Everybody say chick chick, cluck cluck AH, UH! Ah, ah! Chick chick, cluck cluck, the L.A. Sno straight gettin' buck Backed up by the one K-Flex, put around that flex for sex
I can't believe, guys are bobbin' your heads like a chicken on feed It's finger lickin', like a two-piece chicken just ripe for stickin' It feels so good and I want a hot coochie Please don't stop, girl, wash your... AH, UH! Come on, and just bob your head like a chicken, girl Everybody just bob your head like a chicken, girl Lemme hear you say chick chick, cluck cluck! Ah, chick chick, cluck cluck!
Ah, uh, ah! Come on, and just bob your head like a chicken, girl Yes, K-Flex in the house with The Ghetto Dynasty Chillin' with my boy L.A. Sno Givin' mad props to you chicken heads out there You know what I'm sayin'? Chick chick, cluck cluck! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Chick chick, cluck cluck! Word to KFC, baby
Don't take no risk with your health Don't take no shit that's an L BetterGive niggas Hell If you just bet on yourself 2x Im the Top of the shelf Where niggas drop that's a fail Filling My socks with ya wealth Fuck it oh well
I'm in her in mind too much can't fight In the darkness nowhere to cry I'm in her mind like a toxic lullaby I'm in her in mind too much can't fight In the darkness nowhere to cry Was my everything, now it's goodbye Was my everything, now it's goodbye Goodbye, goodnight, have a good life
I hope you rot in the afterlife I'll wait in hell till you arrive I can't wait to see you burn in paradise I can't wait to see you burn in paradise I can't really wait to see you die You've been putting toxic lies inside my mind I can't really wait for the night When the demons come outside
It ain't got no roof, yeah, that shit lookin like a U It ain't got no roof, yeah, that shit lookin like a U I just need some money for a drop-top Bentley coupe Costly wit a .2, not no .44, but a .32 And I'm wit my goons, yeah, my guys, yeah, they stay out too And I'm bouta cop a new flip phone with the diamonds too Never out the roof, on the roof, yeah, I'm on the coupe Never off the shrooms in a room, diamonds dancing who?
If I told my n*ggas, they gon shoot, aim it right at you I just wanna a shawty, not no thotty, wit a body too I just blew my rhymes on a non-stop .52 Saying you'll turn n*ggas into boos, turn em into boos Saying that you bout it but you lame, n*gga, you a you Turned this shit into throwaways, call it into you Not a fucking square in my circle, n*gga, you a cube N*gga, you a cube
Lacking myself estime They so much mocking me Keeping me sadisty They stuck on my mind sleep They are just a genie The way they laughing she The way they laughing he The way i was lying
The way they are crying I cannot efford this I cannot stop thinking They stuck in my mind sleep They lacking me ending Done any to saved me But they still here standing The way i was thinking
It's Kaz on a Dezzy beat I'm going to war with this shit I put the K in krazy bitch Esketit Dezzy on the beat uh you know he legit ay I done pull up in your hood in a black Honda Fit uh Your bitch sucking me good she know I'm the shit uh Only take cash in the bitch and we want all of it uh
Shout out Xash for the cadence my vro he so lit aye yuh Mmh aye yuh I am a menace like Dennis uh I took a bitch out to Venice uh All in her mouth like a dentist uh I am a fucking misogynist ay Polish the pussy no varnish ay Beat up the pussy then vanish aye!
Fuck your religion and fuck all of your isms yuh uh Fuck that bitch uh, in her mouth mmh She suck dick uh, just for clout mmh Fuck that bitch uh, in her mouth ayy Mmh she suck dick uh, just for clout ayy Watch me milly rock, I just hit a lick ay Why you so serious? What is crazy?
What does it mean to go crazy? So what if I'm crazy? Well all the best people are... Bangbiza ngoKaz ay Ngoba ngigcwele lamaBars labafazi bayazi Ukuthi ngivela kuMars ay AmaRappers baleFlue ngibanika iSARS ay Bangbiza ngoKaz ay
Ngoba ngigcwele lamaBars labafazi bayazi Ukuthi ngivela kuMars ay AmaRappers baleFlue ngibanika iSARS ay Yo, these niggas ain't got bars they so lazy ay She playing with death she a muse just like Mandy uh She crushing on my dick uh, like it's candy ayy! Dropped out the Matrix Now I'm watching Netfix ay
You girl wit me Y'know she a dominatrix ay Paint her face white Like I'm fuckin' Ibis ay Stack my money up Like its fuckin' Tetris ay I might do sit ups Just to look like Idris
Do din k Pal Hasi khusi ab tu jee le bhai Bhula k darr Tu her khel mei ban Sharvshali Sun sacchai Murdo ko deti sabak duniyaa saari Nhi aayenge ab daraar Unke raaho pe
Un ghaavo pe Na maraham koi lagayega Jab jeete je tu iss khuda Ko bhul jaayega Jab bhesh badal k insanan Janwar ka roop apnayega Aur bhul k saare spane Thod k saare kasame
And my niggas be clean, yeah they some bathing apes On the beach with some bitches, they feeding me crapes I keep a million in the suitcase Now that boy whole team missing nigga, this a ace She hit my nicotine, now she give face I just fuck, I don't do dates I'm on the island with apes I'm here for money and flipping my case
Cracked my shit, and I got two A's Vertical, that's how I stack my money in my convertible Nigga said that he know me, I ain't heard of him Psst, you niggas be scared of him I got some dirty bitch, it's in my system Bitch I be balling harder than the Pistons Bitch, I got some FNs on me and some missiles Bitch, I got unlimited pistols
Bitch, I make getting money simple Bitch, I got a ace, that's simple Bitch, yeah, bitch, yeah, bitch, bitch I keep a couple thousand in my safe And my niggas be clean, yeah they some bathing apes On the beach with some bitches, they feeding me crapes I keep a million in the suitcase Now that boy whole team missing nigga, this a ace
Got me saying damn girl Nu Shen noyou Hands down Girl you gotta be be be with me Jin sugu be be be with me Got me saying damn girl Ta Wu Shi shite Dance now Girl you gotta be be be with me Zhao made be be be with me
I just wanna know mazuha Baby girl what's your name sokokaraShi meyoukonoGuan Xi madaJue metsukennoZao iPan Ding datsuteGan ziteruhazunoYun Ming First class Kong heShi Jie Zhong Fei biHui ru Yuan iXie eruzi-ni- sonnaHua moMeng ziyanai
dakaraJun womotsutoZhi ritai Wang Xiang Peng randeku Mind konoJu Li Suo mete Do do it do it Nu Shen noyou Hands down Jin sugu be be be with me Ta Wu Shi shite Dance now Zhao made be be be with me I just wanna know
Not a bad talker I got all my lines ready Never forcing any rhymes Can I get you on the line with me Fendi jacket looking Hoppin' on this ride we go We can get the seats bouncing Shift gears, we already out dancing
Xuan shii sunday morning Jin Ri haMiao Zhen mo slowly kotsupuniYan reteruko-hi- Ye guraimadematsutari I wake up in the morning Zhi meruXi Dai nomerodei- Liang Mu Ca ri, Qi kiShang gari So I'm gonna chill yup allday
Sunny sunshine in my eyes Dai chiJiao gareta Blue skies Qi Chi chigaLiang iZhao ha Amazing Sunday drip in my cup yeah I'm so free Ri Yao Ri Turn it up baby All these cups drink it up otogiHua Shi maru Story Coffee party Xuan shii sunday morning
Jin Ri haMiao Zhen mo slowly kotsupuniYan reteruko-hi- Ye guraimadematsutari Amazing Lai Zhou moKong kinaisukeziyu-ruZhang demomataLai ruyoRi Yao Mei Ri Quan Li deShi Shi Xiu Xi moJue Dui niBi Yao
Habit on the low Uh I'm sellin' cocaine by the elevator Tell 'em get on this cocaine, not the elevator Always workin', never broke, like the elevator 'Cause I can take you higher than your destination I ain't got no freebies, I don't do no favors I don't smoke no papers, I don't smoke no vapor
Hear me coughin', better not hear you coughin' up no data What happens at this elevator stays here like Las Vegas Shout out my amigo, he owe me a hundred favors So he'll kill for me, save me the fuckin' labor I got Vanilla Ice, I got white chocolate, I got every flavor Even Ray Rice couldn't beat my price, at this elevator, no I'm sellin' cocaine by the elevator They rather get on this cocaine, not the elevator
Always workin', never broke, like the elevator Shout out my amigo, he owe me a hundred favors He'll kill for me, I call him the undertaker Not another seizure, no, I'm shakin' off the haters Tell 'em I can take you higher, you can't pay me later, no They rather get on this cocaine, not the elevator I take you a lil' bit higher, ooh yeah Get on this cocaine, not the elevator
I take you a lil' bit higher, ooh yeah I'm the fat Busta Rhymes, I can flip modes Word on the street that we hot but the jet cold Up in this bitch gettin' higher, let's go Out of town, out of state, out the country, I don't know Only thing I know, we ain't never out of money though Matter fact, let me smell the coke, let me smell the coke, you should smell the coke Bring ya girl, put it down ya throat
Habit on the low, cocaine in the lobby hoe Really got these women on fire I'm sellin' cocaine by this elevator C'mon get on this cocaine, not this elevator I hope your high come down slow, stop on every floor I got every flavor, I'm still by that elevator I can take you higher, you could thank me later Even Ray Rice couldn't beat my price, at this elevator, no
Fuck what i said to offend you Don't take it for granted when i say i gotcha you You the price that i chase girl i want you Hey She be one in a million I no fit to trade her for diamonds I got a dream to propose in a bullion van Seluna oh baby i love you
Can't never get enough of you Sere o sere o aah aah aah sere o Seluna Oh baby I love you Aah aah aah sere o You are my seluna oh yeah Aah aah aah sere o You are my seluna oh yeah Seluna
I got a shawty Brownie like honey She always on me telling me not to worry about nothing I'm looking dapper In my new attire When i will bring her the red clothes Then work as her man down the isle There goes my baby girl throw the bouquet
And then the crowd go yeah yeah baby yeah Seluna My baby so fine and her body so nice Take me to space and Mars Oh tonight yeah I don dey try to dey call you Baby why you no dey pick me With all the love I have for you
Omoge no go dey dull me odo yeah Cos I'll give you my soul and more Baby you can have it all Like inni miney mo I no fit let you go Shawty you the one I could die for Let dem say what they want I no fit lie for you Baby girl you know your body risky yeah
Nigga beats his dog and shit too, Fuck that pussy nigga Hawtoo Why you such a fuckin Jew, Dumb ass nigga skipped school Smelly nigga you stink like poo, Stop tryna be cool Nigga beats his dog and shit too, Fuck that pussy nigga Hawtoo I Can Never Talk To you, Stupid Ass Nigga Fat Too Get Us Gay You Dumbass Fool, Nigga I Am Not Your Dad But Best Believe I'll Beat Your ass, You'll Be Like I Went To fast Dude it's obvious you've grabbed your sisters tits, We all seen it don't act so confused, You a Bitch Nigga I Should Kill you, leave you dead in your fuckin bedroom, This Nigga so sad, he so bad, go and cry, I just hope you don't get another victim
We are fam I got bands She got fans We like stranger things We are fam Yeah I am back an I'm fuckin this bitch To the night ends
I'm so numb fuck I got checks I got no friends But she's the one I got no friends But she's the one I got one night Yeah
And you saw me fall I know I fucked up I did never leave a message after the tone Baby where did you go? You're lifting me up And you saw me fall I know I fucked up I did never leave a message after the tone
Baby where did you go? I know that I did let you down And I'm sorry that I never come around I'm lost between myself and I It's time for me to say goodbye When you are there everything feels so wrong When you are there everything feels so wrong And now that I'm loosing you
Ne vdykhaiu: Coco, Lean Na mne tsepi, Cocaine i Dope - ne nuzhen every day Na mne triapki ot Louis Vui Fuck the brains, they are mine Pizda slashche, chem dukhi Ona slashche sakhara Ne pod sol'iu, no moia
Ne prosit mnogo - dokhuia Ona skachet na khue Ona na mne - na chlene Ona zoviot menia sensei Ona ne khochet, no ia v nei Ia pod odeialom, no s kem ia? S nei! S nei! Ne nuzhna rezina
Ved' tak luchshe mne i ei Khochu na repeat'e trakhat' tebia snova Eto moia zhizn', eta bitch - moia osnova Ona tak sosiot, rabotaiu iazykom i nam kaifovo I love vaginal secret, and I lick your pussy Fuck Narco-o Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck Narco Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt
Keep tryin' to give me advice, we don't have it Thought you was him and you not that I got the ball and I know I won't drop that Niggas not pass it, niggas be selfish We ball all summer, we can't help it You ain't touch nothin', you ain't hit nothin' I ran to that bag, I knew I was gonna touch it What's keepin' it , no, it was no fussin'
We eat the Backwoods just like we was rushin' Backwoods and that was roasted and she gon' start Like it was nothin', like it was nothin' But it was somethin' She had a boyfriend, she was still bussin' They tried to run off with the palette Keep tryin' to throw off my balance
Ain't down for it, you seem like trouble to me I can tell by the way that you lean and the way that you kiss your teeth And you turn up so fresh and clean, smells like trouble to me For it, trouble to me For it, trouble to me, trouble to me Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble Trouble, oh, think you ballin' Oh, think you ballin'
Only gettin' racks all on my mind Hangin' up, Hangin' Up If yeen talkin' bout money on my line Stack it up, Stack it up Racks hit the ceiling on purpose design Im pushin' P on a daily I was patient I waited my time Add it up, Add it up
Only gettin' racks all on my mind Hangin' up, Hangin' Up If yeen talkin' bout money on my line Stack it up, Stack it up Racks hit the ceiling on purpose design Im pushin' P on a daily I was patient I waited my time Racks bussin' outta my pocket, bolt lock gotta put on me lock it
Front page I know Im that topic, smokin' on za that come out the tropics When I come on that head be boppin', slide on the beat like I slide on the op dem I need them racks so you know ain't know stoppin', I got some shooters that straight outta Compton I stand what I stand on bout my buisness Sharpton, my people behind me I'm steppin' like Martin If she wanna Birkin tell her get to twerkin', I fuck on the first night ion do the flirtin' She in love with dick on that page know she lurkin', I'm crossin' you bitches out look like Irving I keep that gualla on me, I keep that gualla money spread on my knees I ain't drippin' in designer whites tees, that shit dont make me, that shit make that nigga not me
All I give a fuck about is blood sex and violence Don't deny it till you try it All I give a fuck about is blood sex and violence Blood sex violence Blood sex violence Desensitized by what I've seen Up on the silver screen Vinyl girls and scream queens
The blood the guts the nudity From Frankenstein the face of death The kinda shit you don't forget They crawl around inside my head And I have learned to live with it The exploitation puts a smile on my face People seem to think that I'm a mental case To each their own that's okay
Try it you might like it's all I have to say Banging bitches 'til they bleed and they loving it Coming full steam on that stream while your shit is buffering No recovering my weapons cause they stay in rotation Draped in automatics everything The shotgun adjacent Belt like Rambo full of shell casings Getting on my nerves and I'm 'bout to lose my patience
BIG 15 TURNING MANDEM STRESS FW THE VIBE OR GO HOME STRESS BRUCK IT BRUCK IT MANDEM STRESS BRUCK UP THE PUM PUM LEAVE EM SAD F**CK ALL YOUR MANDEM THINK THEY BAD WHEN I MOVE GANG THEY ALL DO DASH ** DASH AND LEAVE HIS MATES I GOT THE BLICKY ON ME THEY VEX
BIG 15 TURNING MANDEM STRESS FW THE VIBE OR GO HOME STRESS BRUCK IT BRUCK IT MANDEM STRESS BRUCK UP THE PUM PUM LEAVE EM SAD F**CK ALL YOUR MANDEM THINK THEY BAD WHEN I MOVE GANG THEY ALL DO DASH ** DASH AND LEAVE HIS MATES. 2x THEY SAY AM EVIL
STEP ON YOUR BLOCK AND WIN THIS SCOREBOARD THEY WRITING PAIN FUCK YOUR BLOCK THEY AIN'T MY RIGHT HAND WHEN BROS STEPPED OUT IN THE DOT DOT ON THE OPP BLOCK TRYNA FIND SOME MANDEMS MANDEM VANISH MANDEM VANISH MANDEM VANISH LIKE GALDEMS SO HOW CAN CAN I RATE THIS YOUTHS DEM MANDEM SCREAMING LIFE GALDEMS TRY BEEF ONE AND YOU MIGHT GET CHEFFED YOU MIGHT GET SWING LIKE CHUCKY
Catch 'em on the blast Switch I'm a motherfuckin' dope, boy I'm a motherfuckin'-- blast Blast I got the, I got the, I got the, I got the I got the Catch 'em on the blast
I'm balling out of the park with a swish from the nose bleed Please do not hit up my phone in the night time coz I wanna be lonely yeah I get the funds up give a fuck what you owe me Bitches be full of that envy and jealousy, yeah they below me We is not drinking out of no red cups bitch this a trophy Get your bands up I'll shoot your mans up You think I'm capping Ima make you put your hands up
Bitch you a stand up Made you surrender My choppa had you lookin like you was in a blender And we don't ever get to say sorry For the bitches in the back I know that they adore me I ain't tryna find a bitch, Dory I only time I need a bitch is when I'm off the Molly I'm balling out of the park with a swish from the nose bleed
Please do not hit up my phone in the night time coz I wanna be lonely Wanna be lonely yeah Wanna be lonely yeah Girl I wanna be alone Please leave me alone Wanna be lowkey yeah Ima blow up the scene Kind of like Ginobili
Never gonna lie We up in the sky Cause' I don't wanna go, no Go, no We do it right We do it right All the way up here, I ain't scared of heights Stay left and right like BK
I had the worst day no Don or DC Don't care what he say or she say Brand new Patek for the weekdays Momma proud of me, Jace Everything we do, we do it correctly New ice feel like Venti Boy, you was capping I ain't talking Dontai Yea, we is done I ain't even sorry
You thought you is funny and ain't nothing right But it's hard for me to-to-to believe everything you say Cause' I don't wanna go, no Go, no I don't wanna go Everything we do We up Do it right
Baby don't you ever leave my side You know what is right, so I confide Ever since your love, I just can't hide Both know we need Jesus in our lives Oh, I need your love Don't beat yourself up Don't go, me and you, begun, but I don't wanna end She don't know
Baby tell me that you wanna be with me Don't lie to me baby do you wanna fuck me Tell me everything that you want to do with me Neva trust a pussy nigga any fuckin ways You know these niggas playin games And they gone say that they love you but they really don't But they play They know what the game is but they gone stay
All I gotta say is that I wanna love you All they wanna do is fuckin hurt you Then they wanna use the money that they got from you All these dudes never keep it real then they know to All gotta do is tell me the truth do wanna fuck with me or fuck with the crew All you gotta say is what you wanna do but you never tellin me lies Do you wanna be with who ? Baby do you say do you really need me
Got a real nigga on yo side then you know me All niggas real dumb but you want these niggas But I don't give a fuck but you want these ugly niggas Then dirty then bummy then you wanna fuck with them That's you baby do what you do! All you niggas looking dumb all you niggas getting played All you niggas hella lame all you niggas hella late All you niggas hella pussy any fuckin ways but you
Naviko da plesem tu u sklopu haosa Veruj dobro zna, onaj ko je meta nam Vers sruci se na zvucnik Gorim boli me, u meni se budi greh Stavljaju me sad na test, misle bice fer Meni treba pun sef, da mi cuva sav plen Tebi treba vrela cev, da te cuva od mene Moj grad prokleto je zao
Ovde noci traju kratko Da se menjam sad je kasno Od starta Dve glave gradili pricu ciglu po ciglu Neko zivi drill life Neko zivi u tripu Smanjite ulice, pojacajte ziku Al' prave glave nisu nikad na Pinku
Kurve prsle na aparatima sanjaju biznis Drug ti se proda za sitnis Po matrama klizim odavno, postaje standard Kraljevo u kuci, tu sam da napravim balans Ovo nije Holivud Jer nase zvezde su po zatvoru U zoni komfora pa lakse disem Nocu osetim ko sam kad stanem ispred
Everyday is like my birthday Flying on the bike, like it's plane Purchase T-Shirt on Ebay I got a cake on my plate Everyday is like my birthday Flying on the bike, like it's plane Purchase T-Shirt on Ebay Blowed up this sparrows
Dey goin crazy on the block Crazy on the block Dey goin crazy on the block Huh ? huh ? X8 dey goin crazy on the block Hit the skrt and watch it lock He off the class he lockjaw Better peep that car 2nd time on the block
We got Splitz N Them Yeah yeah SPOTTUM WE GOTTA HIM UHUH Yeah Fuck Lil Bro Yeah Ben say GrandMaster Bezzy SPOTTUM We got Him UHUH Yeah Yeah UHUH
We SPOTTUM We Got Him UHUH We SPOTTUM We Got Him You try to run boy You can not stop that No Nomatter On The Scene
That shit was tragic Yeah We SPOTTUM WE Got HIM He Talking We Come ON that Spot That Ticker He Got Gone Stop Well Fuck It I Got These plots For The Top He Don't Really Want What I Got That Boy Body Gunna Rot Fuck Lil Bro We SPOTTUM We Got HIm UHUH Yeah
NUUH Trust Me it Wasn't An Accident My Killers They Shoot in Different Patterns Wooh Look How I'm In This Stick Shift ILL Durk off In This Bitch Yeah Yeah Yeah Say
We SPOTTUM We Got Him UHUH Yeah Uh A Couple A killers Who Turn Up Rite On The Spot They Like A Couple A Cash A Let Them Grab ON A Body UHUH Well Like IT Or Not Im The Type Of N**** To GoHead And Turn Up Rite On The Spot He Talk Like He Gone Go Get It I Got Killas Wit Red Dots Go Get Him Uh
Straight On The Spot Yeah I Got UHUH Damn Boy Been Talking I Coming In That MotherFucker I Come That Bitch And kill Them UHUH OH Yeah Mmm Damn Yeah We SPOTTUm We Got Him We SPOTTUM We Got Hium UHUH Yeah We SPOTTUM We Got Him WE SPOTTUM We Got him UHUH We SPOTTUM We Got Him UHUH Yeah We SPOTTUM We Got Him We SPOTTUM We Got Him UHUH We SPOTTUM We Got Him UHUH Yeah Yrah We Got HIM
SPOTTUM WE Got HIM Yeah Damn Yeah We Got Him SPOTTUM We Got UHUH Yeah I Ain't't Gunna Stop No Fuck That Ride With That Shotty UHUH Dam Touch On That Boot Grab on That .40 It's Glued To me like Super Glue What Does He Do That Ain't No Superman Who are you Yeah
Leaving Tha MotherFuckers Cranium Look Liek Soup That What I Do He Talk Like he Gone DO That Nah Fuck that Boy he Don't Make Moves Got Go Get Him Got Go Get Him I Kill Him Yeah We SPOTTUM We Got Him You Know That That N**** Splitz That My MotherFucking Bro Fucking Play With My N**** Splitz Yeah You already Know That ILL Fucking SPLit Ya Wig DON'T Fucking Play With Me
Cause ILL Pop In Your Shit N**** Stay In Your Lane YOu Already Know That I'm Fuckingb Untamed Cause When I Get Your Fucking Ass Hanged By The MotherFucking Gang You Don't Know My Fucking Name Bet I'LL Put This Shit On MotherFucking Gang I'LL Do this Shit For My MotherFucking Fam Yeah Yeah You Already Know That I'm Not Playing Yeah Don't Fuckin Play With Me Cause I'LL Grab That Fucking Yeah And Pop You In Your Dome And Split Your Fucking Wig
Yeah You Already Know That Im Going To the Top Dont Fucking Play With Me With All Taht Fucking Clout Yeah You Already know That You A MotherFucking Chaser Don't Make Me Get In My Car Cause I'LL Turn To Speed Racer Don't Fucking PlayWith With me No MotherFucking More Cause If You Fucking Do You Can Hit The Fucking door Yeah You Already Know I Enter Beast Mode Don't fucking Play With Me No MotherFucking More
Yeah, that bitch a treesha, no I do not need her I get to the breesha, I get to the cheese, yuh My whip speeding like a cheetah, ride 'round with my Nina All these niggas bitches, I might have to call up PETA, yeah Pop out with the gang, came from lurking in the shadows Pop out with the gang, yeah, I pop out with a bad ho Devil on my left and on my right I got a angel Telling me to pop yo' ass and leave you with a halo
Choppa do what I say so I got a bitch badder than Malu fucking Trevejo Bitch, my diamonds yellow, lemonade, just like a raincoat Purple in my cup, look like something straight out of Saints Row, yeah I came from the dirt like my name Rango Red dot on your head, with the beam like I'm Kano Yeah, that bitch a treesha, no I do not need her I get to the breesha, I get to the cheese, yuh
And I can't stop thinking about you But all these pretty lies in my head I think I'm better off dead Times been slow and lately I don't know what's in my head I know I've been on your mind all this time I know you stay awake most of the night I know it's hard, but I've trying all this time I've been trying to do you better all this time by your side
I'm sorry I've been losing myself, I'm sorry I've been losing myself I'm sorry I've been losing myself, I'm sorry I've been losing myself Lately times been moving slow And I can't stop thinking about you But all these pretty lies in my head I think I'm better off dead Times been slow and lately I don't know what's in my head But I don't think I can let you go
I'm like, aye Thumbing through them bands like Luigi And my diamonds do the dance, they so freezy Thought I already done told you dumb ass niggas Getting money is easy, oh I live life on the dark side Oh, these niggas not family They hate in my comments, they fans of me
Oh, I'm the nigga you tryna be Watch on my wrist, it say Patek Phillipe Oh, I'm a just put out my leaks Run me a milli and I go to sleep I'm like, aye Thumbing through them bands like Luigi And my diamonds do the dance, they so freezy Thought I already done told you dumb ass niggas
Getting money is easy, oh I get the check, I go eat Drugs in my system, I can't go to sleep Look what he did, he just copying me Limited edition, gone cost you a fee Got me some bapestas, they all on my feet And I came in with FNs and missiles lil bitch Yeah, you know my Glock got a switch
x2 We're Just Getting Started We're Just Getting Started On our way to the top Leaving no path uncharted Going To the top And We'll Never Miss Our Target Shorter than a centipede
I am not a god, I am a monster A titan on this track x2 On our way to the top Leaving no path uncharted Going To the top And We'll Never Miss Our Target Going in solo, you can call me Han
If the money system change it ain't about money Life's a bitch and then you die, dummy They don't have the time to hide everything from you They don't wanna stop you, they know you want to If the money system change it ain't about money Life's a bitch and then you die, dummy Who ate the last fucking piece of cheesecake? Come here, Lil' Nay Nay
You want that Beat From the Eat beat tape How about I be your D-Day All these MC's in this NFT space Is this some kind of MC NFT race? Some people just want ice cream, but they so stupid Cuz the ice creams made out of liquified humans That does not dignify me So let's see if we can find a way to use it
And when everyone's dead that's the proof And I think for the students that's a big and a professional prudence That you would feel honored enough to do this Thank you Canibus, I love your music For me it is the rhytmic and poetic blueprint I was groomed with Theres a peer group Im with its called the circle
To dupe ko iz Brazila U faveli Adriano Nama je gorcina slatka Buraz, znam da boli i kad jak sam Kidam je jedno dva sata Ako nisi ziveo to, nemoj da se trudis ti do da shvatas Ko zvoni ti to na vrata? A, opet je ovaj
Ma da, opet je lova Neko poso proklet, al to neko mora Neko gradi dvorac, ti znas da smo podelili na pola Veza Katalonija, puko sam je loma Ako sam ti osto duzan, nisam te zaboravio Ako si mi osto duzan, nisam te zaboravio, ja pamtim Ovo radim odavno To dupe ko iz Brazila
U faveli Adriano Riga, gle, ekipa prva liga je Ne smem biti mekan, ovo mnogo tvrda igra je Brate, pitaj kol'ko driblam, pokido sam ligament I sjebo sam meniskus, za minutu dnevnicu Da, da, uvek lagani smo, a tereti heavy su Kes brojim dok mesec sija, brate, nista recesija Mada smara represija, ne vole kad treper sija
'Ladno mi je leden vrat, daj mi Louis sal Kako mi je leden sat, ajde ugrij ga 'Ladno mi je leden vrat, daj mi Louis sal Kako mi je leden sat, ajde ugrij ga U kraju mjesec ima premalo dana Dani prekratko traju, pa je previse mraka Bandu ganjaju stalno, svjetla crveno-plava Samo punimo kese, stekovi puni su para
Murija prati nas i dalje, pa na poziv se spaja Ako s nama ti se vari, nemoj cimat', samo bani Sutra letimo za Pari', na, na, na, na, na, na, na Hoces cupi da mi budes? Bolje u red stani Zele me ribe, vriste cim me vide Mladi Babi pare pere, a tvoj decko bere brige Jebeni lider, namignem, za mnom ide Jezik reze ko zilet, picke jedem ko file
Ay move that guy, move that guy Pull em back Aztecs coming in, he's coming in now Okay, okay, uh, okay Okay, okay, uh, okay Lil bitch Okay, okay I'm on the way Yeah To Brentwood estate
Okay, okay What y'all bitches got to say Y'all diggin y'all own grave Ima figure what it say Like you and you Yeah you and you I don't fuck with you Yeah you and you
And you and you I don't fuck with none of y'all So what y'all wanna do? Check that ma fucker cuz Okay, Enough is enough Y'all thinking y'all tough But y'all ain't no diamond in a ruff Like y'all really talking more shit
What's new? What it do? Look momma on the news Only shit I got for you is a deuce Like Swish, yah Take a trick shot Bitches switch up Like I ain't miss yah
Y'all sellouts like Tenpenny Y'all talking kinda loud For someone who won't @ me An yo baby call me daddy That's why your girl won't add me Feeling like OJ in Brentwood in the 90s I'm headed south east in a white bronco why don't y'all dorks try to damn find me Like I ain't gonna let no low life having ass define me
And If there's really no strings attached then why don't you untie me? Like Oj Were currently standing outside of Aztecs Estate here in Brentwood I'm on the way Yeah To Brentwood estate What y'all bitches got to say Y'all diggin y'all own grave Ima figure what it say
Like you and you I don't fuck with you And you and you I don't fuck with none of y'all So what y'all wanna do? Check that ma fucker cuz Wait, you still fucking here? Why don't y'all listen bro can't y'all fucking hear?
What the fuck you mean that you're heated over me I'm not wasting time on you tweaking nobodys Like when I'm back, yah Y'all wanna act up Men in black, yah This ain't dress up Y'all too mad, huh Yeah you mad, huh
Ayy yah yah yah yah Yuh Ayy yah yah yah yah Right fuck that bitch Yah yah Ayy, yah, ayy I'm so high I might fall down Ayy, look, that bitch she say 'pipe down'
Yuh, look, lil bitch I made 'Sky Down' Yuh, look, sorry bitch I'm too fried now Ayy, look, I'm so high I might fall down Woah, ayy, that bitch she say 'pipe down' Ayy, look, lil bitch I made 'Sky Down' Ayy, yuh, ayy Yuh, ayy So high I might fall down
Put you all down Fuck what you worth nah Got my mind right nigga what's the time like Hold up a time light like I'm blind I've been on my grind, got it going, get with mine In the way goin', let a nigga shine It's about time, I'll be damned if you take mine But got your main on my Facetime
Shawty shawty shawty shawty Pussy tryna catch a body I know you gon ride for me I know you gon die for me But baby get high with me So high I might fall down Fall down, yeah Fall down, ayy
Fall down, ayy Fall down, ayy, ayy, yuh so I'm burnin' the game These niggas is lame, can't talk with no thangs I stay with the pump, .40 .40 clips give a nigga change if he enter the range Ayy, no more niggas hittin' them stains Fake niggas always plot with the gang Kick back and hit like a train
Pussy nigga off of them chains Xans got a nigga leanin', servin' these fiends Been snappin' on everything I touch Don't give a fuck, Hunnid rounds , leave a bitch slump Fuck his shit up, pass her off the trunk after I tear up them guts Ayy, fuck all these sluts Pussy you down, never a clown
Pfff.... Beep, beep.. Pfff beep, beep.. Pfff beep, beep. Beep Money counter Beepin' Trappin never ceasing My bitches know I'm eating Plus, imma young demon ayye Money counter Beepin', lay you down for reaching; trapping never ceasing, week until the weekend. Bitches know I'm eating, imma young demon; fuck her til she leaking, off hills by the weeknd. Bust a nut, then get out the county; on the interstate flyin in a Audi. Shorty say she LOVE me, but I highly doubt it; blacked out in the pussy like a power outage. Check a bag, or stay the fuck from round me; imma go-getter so the labels found me. I been jugging all through LaSalle County; finessed the plug, an now they got a bounty. While yo ass was fasting, my whole team was eating; I keep it on me, if you think I'm sleepin. Getting paper-cuts from the money creases; I brought all my team in, money counter Beepin' Money counter Beepin' Trappin never ceasing
Stacking my rackies to the roof She ain't got no place to stay She ain't got no place to stay Stacking up my bands to the roof I ain't got no time for you "Blah, blah, blah", that's the shit that she would say Stacking my rackies to the roof Stacking up my bands to the roof
I ain't got no time for you I've been keeping mind safe I don't really like the way that she talked to me Even though she said she wanted all of me I still had doubts from day one, yeah, I knew that she was toxic Goddamn, I can't believe I threw my life away for that chick All my friends were telling me that I done pulled a bad bitch But in the end and in my mind I never had shit
Y'all gotta face it I see 'em tryna be me but they basic They really on that lame Shit They on that Fake Shit Roll another spaceship Take a ride in my spaceship In my spaceship Shortie fine with no makeup
She let me paint her face when she wake up Shortie fucking with me cause I'm bout my paper Pass me the papers Yeah Now we on a trip She can feel the molly in her body When she put it on her lip Get the cup and take a sip
Westside! Crenshaw Mafia, Denvers! Worldwide biatch! off the woop woop, nigga, y'all niggas ain't from the woop woop, biatch, shit, is you really bangin' though nigga, shit... Verse 1: B-Brazy: I know the gangsta shit is what you cravin' for, so goin' to Westside rollin' down Figueroa, and your two-toned Caddy with the tremolo do', you know it's different Daze-a-Braze block can give you more, gangbangin' at the two-duro Butlass Blood fuck this, , Blood, fuck that Crab bitch, a swerve on, the next Honeycomb I stomp on, the Rice Krispies I can crunch on. I'm hittin' corners on them Rickets like big St. Ides hard load from both ways young Braze with the twelve gauge, y'all niggas thinkin' that I'm Bangin' on Wax, well BIATCH, you must be smokin' on crack, the Cadillac got toed, so my bitch-hoe, ride a bunch of gangsterism niggas Twisters and Vogue and I'll go kill some Crabs if you want me to . Bitch, I'm 'bout to coupe on they ass, like 'em off that loop on that ass, do that fast, nigga FUCK Crabs Chorus: B-Brazy: Bitch, I'll go kill some Crabs if you want me to, woo woo! Verse 2: Lil' Hawk:
It's about mothafuckin' time to let the best nigga rhyme from the CMGB nigga organizing crime, and I be the quickest to the draw, rollin' down Crenshaw , swoopin' the B'd up, P'd up, CMG'd up , as I dip and I dash you niggas know I blast on them Crabs, break the nigga face, then I burn his flue rag, now I'm rollin' with my dog Lil' fuckin' B-Mack, nigga's pockets on short so it's time to do a jack . We just lookin' for anybody nigga we don't be givin' a mad fuck , oh, there that nigga go slippin' on that brand new , nigga get the fuck off I want the money and the ki's SKRRT, all the way to the CMG , in another nigga shit that I just took, like Ice Cube said bitch broke niggas make the best crooks, L, the I, the L, the H, the A, the W, the K, Lil' mothafuckin' Hawkster BIATCH, that nigga that be doin', pursuin', all the Crab shit I'M OUT TO RUIN, M and the L, L and the M, gangsta boogie, gangsta boogie , crossing out the mothafuckin' cookie . Niggas , bitches , y'all know my name, nigga Chorus: Lil' Hawk: Now, I can kill the Crabs if you want me to, woo woo! Lil' Hawk Red Ridin' Hood, fuck little boy flue , woo woo! Chorus: B-Brazy: First things first, I'm gon' hit it where it hurts, put a bitch-ass in a mothafucker hearse, you niggas know my name, it's TK II on the stage, I'll fuck you niggas up, I got the tight-ass fade , I'm not a tight man, bitch, I know you understand when I roll through yo' hood with a gun in my hand, I'll lay you niggas down, just like a clown but I'm not that nigga, I bee you in the meantime, later, on the mothafuckin' 4 bitch, hittin' mothafuckin' D's on 'em switches Verse 3: Lil' G-Bone: Guess who it can be, that G-B-O-N-E from 104th Street, Crenshaw Mafia, CMG , I'm lettin' niggas know about the Mafia gang , regulatin' Crab gangs and bangin' on hoo-rangin' , my niggas don't know on how we hoo-ride and shit, Crenshaw Mafia Gangster Bloods when I kill a E-Ricket, but bitches, niggas, I don't gives a mad fuck I'mma break ya, nigga, for your Fruit turf, bitch, I'mma bank ya, shank ya, nigga I spray ya, with this AK-ya, but I'mma lay ya, down, with the mothafuckin' gangsta sound, niggas all around, Mafia Town, nigga bow down, when I come through your fuckin' hood, where it's at B-O-T-T-O-M-S Inglewood! Inglewood! Inglemothafuckinwood! Wood!
Bridge: Lil' G-Bone & TK II: I can kill a Crab if you want me to, woo woo! It's Lil' G-Bone and TK II, woo woo! Verse 4: Spyder: I'm tired of the bullshit, your chance of livin' is shady, it's a, gang of niggas out there that hate me, wanna break me, make me, bow down in knee, shit, y'all mothafuckas best chill, 'til the wheels fall off, mothafucka I'mma ride, mission is do or die, suicide, who am I, yo, mothafuckin' killa, yo, Westside Crenshaw Mafia gangsta nigga , bee, a snitch, on the news, talk, on the cool, gave a lil' info to the boys in flue, through, washed up, watch a young nigga go head huntin', hot lead dumpin', instead of funkin' you should of been runnin', shake me, break me, you cupcake fakin' that's why, these gangsta-ass niggas regulatin', I know you hate me, this shit that we come with, we come sick, quick to mothafuckin' see Crabs now... Chorus: Spyder: I can kill some Crabs if you want me to. I can kill some Crabs with my mothafuckin' Uz'
Know I'll see you soon So please just worry bout you You could be the one I give my everything to Many things Anything Everything's All for you Baby
Should've been Would've been Could've been All for you Baby What you tryna do We should make a move Lil rendezvous yeah
This ain't nothing new This ain't nothing new Will see you soon Know I'll see you soon Daydream in my room You should be the one I give my everything to So please just worry bout you Girl you had me
When you had me And the sad thing is you Curved me In a hurry Now I'm lit you wan Get married Damn she's Confusing as fuck
Am I delusional what Stuck in illusion of lust Tripping on you On the mind thinking of you Sitting here singing bout you When my friends all around Everyone bringing up you Wishing that you were here but
Girl you know Get back to my dough Many things Anything Everything's Should've been Would've been Could've been
No time for the chit chat If we ain't talking money for a top back Them words that you spew just keep that Speaks facts when I rap make you feel that Hear that They gon holla bring it back This year we gon buzz like a 6 pack Take it worldwide with my bro Rayzak
If it ain't the hottest banger what you call that Got damn Hater where love at Fuck that Phuzz where the chicks at Put your addy on the Lyft we gon send her back Keep pouring up drinks Have more what you think
When the sun come up we gon run it back P i m p when it come to me Might pay for her but no eating the groceries K i n gs standing close to come me Passport gang cause we headed overseas For the euros you know all in the plural If I died now they gone make me a mural All over the globe cuz to them I'm a hero
Liberian skin brown like Nino I got no time No time No time to spend On begging friends I got me till the end No time No time to waste
One life to live I got one life to live I got no time On begging friends I got me till the end No time to waste One life to live I got one life to live
Ungh Nisamehe mama Comma comma and then zero Static shock Electric guitar hero Do it proper falsetto you scream like the opera Mi casa in the club now and we headed after Met you met me damn so sexy Het you molest me you wet like jet ski
Undress you undress me skin like Nestle You bite like coca sweet like Pepsi Bites all over drive don't wreck me She said I can only do that if you let me Now unmask your freak like Halloween Wo wo wo Nidzikosani mama Nimependa mwana
Hii ngoma ya zama Wo wo wo Samahani mama Nimependa mwana Hii ngoma ya zama Yeleyay Yeleyay Leleyaya
Wha wha wha Hakuna kubana DJ replay Mziki uongee mara nyingi siongei Haya kata kwasa Raha Mombasa Acha siasa Funga kibwebwe jichanganye na bata Africa times hakuna matata
Do more say less Do more say less I ain't come here so we can waste time I be got damned to let you waste mine Everyone got the same twenty four hours What you do with yours ain't dependent on mine Won't call it busy I'm being productive No I do not wanna be interrupted
My work ethic is not one to be fucked with Give me abundance none of that fuck shit Visit a village out in Pompeii Somewhere in Italy sipping Bombay My influences permit me to sway Don't be looking at the image and mirror the wrong things Gotta do things you didn't before Stack up a lot just a little bit more
Let your cup runneth over till it pours I got success seeping through my pores I am the best an unlimited force way I'm passionate I can feel it in my core That mean it's part of me deep in my arteries I bring it out it it allows me to soar Overseas over seeing everything Normally that I probably would ignore Music endeavors put me on tour
Riadom Prosto bud' so mnoi Riadom Ne mogu vot tak tebia otpustit' No chto by ia ne delal, ne mogu tebe ugodit' Pull up like a scammer, yeah Want all your peaches, yeah Party till Monday, party on Sunday
Khvatit nesti mne bred I cannot fuck again Wait till appointment, yeah I threw a party, 'Vited me buddies Ona edet ko mne Chto by ia ne delal, ia vsegda wrong Money on her ass, I call up the phone Prygai na mne, eto marafon
At the next door party I understood I really want you, darling And I just wanna talk to you, my shawty I got it in me Let's go to the party Just tell me how you feel And I'll tell you too
Just tell me how you feel Tell me how you feel One, two, lucky, baby I'm so lucky Yeah, she want my rocket You gotta suck it The sloppy toppy Do the sloppy toppy
Lucky, lucky Baby, I'm so lucky When I saw you At the next door party I understood I really want you, darling And I just wanna talk to you, my shawty I got it in me
I'm dead on your block, nigga, like I'm Kenny And I keep a Glock, shout-out Kenny And you can get shot, nigga, like you Kenny How many racks, nigga, got many And how many Glocks, plenty And I keep a Glock, nigga, and the Semi And I keep a Glock, nigga, 'cause they envy I'm dead on your block, nigga, like I'm Kenny
And I keep a Glock, shout-out Kenny And you can get shot, nigga, like you Kenny How many racks, nigga, got many And how many Glocks, plenty And I keep a Glock, nigga, and the Semi And I keep a Glock, nigga, 'cause they envy And I keep a Glock, nigga, 'cause they hate Get did like Kenny, we know yo' fate
Don't go, don't go Baby, I love you , baby, I need you Don't go , don't go I know it's getting bad, I don't want you sad I know it's getting bad, don't want you sad I know that you are lonely I want you out here with me Wipe your tears, goodbye
I don't want you to cry All I do is try Wipe your tears, goodbye Baby, I love you , baby, I need you Don't go , don't go They can't compare to you They can't come close to you You want that Prada bag
You want to advance your boots? I buy 'cause I love you I buy 'cause I trust you They can't compare to you They can't come close to you Don't go, don't go Don't let me down Don't let me down
Shinigami on a Grim beat Grim Delarosa bossa Billie Bossa Nova Feel like Casanova Hey Aye! Hi--hi--hi, aye! I know these bars be so random
Fuck the beat raw with no condom Phela min' angila fandom IRap game iding' iRansom Where out there bathi ngiHandsome Niggas think they're dealt a bad one Master Fate be da real Badmon Amor Fati we're all get bad ones I'm a Greek I'm a god like Pan
Bitch on fleek she look like Pan She fuck with BMN yo she a fan Say she used to be a man, ay Kaz don't give a fuck Cause he fuckin' pan going super saiyan You know what the fuck I am sayin' In the pussy I'm slayin'
Tokyo trappin' like the Revengers Call me Mikey I'm an Avenger, ay Fade to black Nike's I got range uh, ay uh Like a black Messiah in a manger, ay yeah Like Nicholas I'm out the cage uh aye I'm Nicodemus with the rage uh, ay yeah We been trappin' in Japan They callin' me BMN
I said girl you look so fine Baby will you make my night We can go wine & dine What would you like to buy I said girl you look so fine Baby will you make my night We can go wine & dine I love the way you move those hips
You make my body shift, when you act like this I wanna see your bag of tricks Baby I give can you fix In a quick little jif, just get in the mix Every time I feel that grip I wanna give trip, let's cause a lunar eclipse Fuck a movie, let's write a book About our lives, just how we should
The good and the bad girl add it all So we'll see us in the fucking mall Life is a beautiful thing Ups and downs, twists and turns Broken dreams, movie scenes And the way you speak, girl you from dreams, this seems make Believe Like everything on the menu baby
